6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled hereunder to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Security may do so
with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Security or by one or more duly appointed agents each of which may do so
pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount.
Section 105. Notices, Etc., to Trustee and Company.
Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this
Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with,
(1) the Trustee by any Holder or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in
writing (which may be by facsimile) to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office at the location specified in Section 101; or
(2) the Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly
provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to the Company addressed to the attention of the Secretary of the
Company at the address of the Company’s principal office specified in writing to the Trustee by the Company and, until further
notice, at Apple Inc., One Apple Park Way, MS 169-5GC, Cupertino, California 95014, fax number: (408) 974-8530, Attention:
Office of the General Counsel.
In addition to the foregoing, the Trustee agrees to accept and act upon notice, instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent
by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If the party elects to give the Trustee e-mail or
facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the
Trustee’s understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses
arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee’s reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict
or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of
the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee
acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties.
Section 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver.
Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein
expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at such Holder’s address as it
appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest date, if any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of
such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so
mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Any notice when mailed to a Holder in
the aforesaid manner shall be conclusively deemed to have been received by such Holder whether or not actually received by such Holder.
Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice,
either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the
Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.
In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice
by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose
hereunder.
8
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 13/51