6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
“Defeasance” has the meaning specified in Section 1302.
“Depositary” means, with respect to Securities of any series issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, a
clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act that is designated to act as Depositary for such Securities as contemplated by
Section 301.
“Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 501.
“Exchange Act” means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from
time to time.
“Expiration Date” has the meaning specified in Section 104.
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time.
“Global Security” means a Security that evidences all or part of the Securities of any series and bears the legend set forth in Section 202
(or such legend as may be specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities).
“Holder” means a Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Security Register.
“Indenture” means this instrument as originally executed and as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more
indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof, including, for all purposes of this instrument and
any such supplemental indenture, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are deemed to be a part of and govern this instrument and any
such supplemental indenture, respectively. The term “Indenture” shall also include the terms of particular series of Securities established as
contemplated by Section 301.
“interest” means, when used with respect to an Original Issue Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity,
interest payable after Maturity.
“Interest Payment Date” means, when used with respect to any Security, the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such
Security.
“Internal Revenue Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
“Maturity” means, when used with respect to any Security, the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal
becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption
or otherwise.
“Notice of Default” means a written notice of the kind specified in Section 501.
“Officer” means the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Treasurer, the Corporate Controller, the General
Counsel and Secretary, or any Assistant Secretary of the Company.
“Officer’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by an Officer of the Company (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the
Company as authorized to execute and deliver Officer’s Certificates) and delivered to the Trustee.
“Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion of counsel (who may be counsel for the Company) and which shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of the Company. Opinions of Counsel required to be delivered under this
Indenture may have qualifications customary for opinions of the type required.
“Original Issue Discount Security” means any Security which provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due
and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502.
“Outstanding” means, when used with respect to Securities, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture, except:
(1) Securities theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;
3
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 8/51