6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 613. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company.
If and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor of the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), the Trustee shall be
subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act regarding the collection of claims against the Company (or any such other obligor)
Section 614. Appointment of Authenticating Agent.
The Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent or Agents with respect to one or more series of Securities which shall be authorized to
act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of such series issued upon original issue and upon exchange, registration of transfer or
partial redemption thereof or pursuant to Section 306, and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and
shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the
authentication and delivery of Securities by the Trustee or the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to
include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf
of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Company and shall at all times be a
corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia,
authorized under such laws to act as Authenticating Agent, having a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and subject to
supervision or examination by federal or state authority. If such Authenticating Agent publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant
to law or to the requirements of said supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 614, the combined capital and
surplus of such Authenticating Agent shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition
so published. If at any time an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 614, such
Authenticating Agent shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this Section 614.
Any corporation into which an Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any
corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation
succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate agency or corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent shall be the successor
Authenticating Agent hereunder, provided such corporation shall be otherwise eligible under this Section 614, without the execution or filing of
any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent.
An Authenticating Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at
any time terminate the agency of an Authenticating Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Company.
Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be
eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 614, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be
acceptable to the Company and shall give notice of such appointment in the manner provided in Section 106 to all Holders of Securities of the
series with respect to which such Authenticating Agent will serve. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment
hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an
Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section 614.
31
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 36/51