6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 605. May Hold Securities.
The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Security Registrar or any other agent of the Company, in its individual or any other capacity, may
become the owner or pledgee of Securities and, subject to Section 608 and Section 613, may otherwise deal with the Company with the same
rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other agent.
Section 606. Money Held in Trust.
Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which
they were received, but need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability
for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Company.
Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement.
The Company agrees
(1) to pay to the Trustee from time to time such reasonable compensation as shall be agreed to in writing between the Company and
the Trustee for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to
the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);
(2) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses,
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the
reasonable compensation and the reasonable expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense,
disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its own negligence or willful misconduct, and the Trustee shall provide the
Company reasonable notice of any expenditure not in the ordinary course of business; and
(3) to indemnify the Trustee for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense incurred without negligence or willful
misconduct on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the trust or trusts hereunder,
including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or
performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder.
The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim of which a Responsible Officer has received written notice for which it may
seek indemnity.
When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services in connection with an Event of Default specified in Section 501(4) or (5), the
expenses (including the reasonable charges and expenses of its counsel) and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute
expenses of administration under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law.
The Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities as to all property and funds held by it hereunder for any amount owing it or any
predecessor Trustee pursuant to this Section 607, except with respect to funds held in trust for the benefit of the Holders of Securities.
The provisions of this Section 607 shall survive the termination of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee.
Section 608. Conflicting Interests.
If the Trustee has or shall acquire a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate
such interest or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture Act and this
Indenture.
To the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have a conflicting interest by virtue of being a
trustee under this Indenture with respect to Securities of more than one series.
28
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 33/51