6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 114. No Recourse Against Others.
No recourse shall be had for the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Security of any series, or for any
claim based thereon, or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of this Indenture, against any incorporator, shareholder, officer or
director, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, either directly or indirectly through
the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law or by the enforcement
of any assessment of penalty or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Indenture and all the Securities of each series
are solely corporate obligations, and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, or is incurred by, any incorporator, shareholder,
officer or director, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation of the Company, either directly or indirectly through
the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, because of the incurring of the indebtedness hereby authorized or under or by
reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements contained in this Indenture or in any of the Securities of any series, or to be implied
herefrom or therefrom; and that all such personal liability is hereby expressly released and waived as a condition of, and as part of the
consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issuance of the Securities of each series.
Section 115. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING AS BETWEEN THE
COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE ONLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE SECURITIES.
Section 116. Submission to Jurisdiction.
The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan
in the City of New York or any federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York in respect of any suit, action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture and the Securities, and irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its
property, generally and unconditionally, jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts.
ARTICLE II
SECURITY FORMS
Section 201. Forms Generally.
The Securities of each series shall be in substantially such form or forms as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution
or, subject to Section 303, set forth in, or determined in the manner provided in, an Officer’s Certificate pursuant to a Board Resolution, or in
one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as
are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or
endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with applicable tax laws or the rules of any securities exchange or Depositary
therefor or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Officer (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as
authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) executing such Securities, as evidenced by his or her execution thereof. If the form of
Securities of any series is established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be
certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Company
Order contemplated by Section 303 for the authentication and delivery of such Securities. If all of the Securities of any series established by
action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution are not to be issued at one time, it shall not be necessary to deliver a record of such action at the
time of issuance of each Security of such series, but an appropriate record of such action shall be delivered at or before the time of issuance
of the first Security of such series.
10
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 15/51