6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
it being understood and intended that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing
of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority
or preference over any other of such Holders (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or
not such actions are unduly prejudicial to such Holders) or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and
for the equal and ratable benefit of all of such Holders.
Section 508. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest and to Convert Securities.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and
unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and, subject to Section 307, interest on such Security on the
respective Stated Maturities expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption or repayment, on the Redemption Date or date for
repayment, as the case maybe, and, if the terms of such Security so provide, to convert such Security in accordance with its terms) and to
institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and, if applicable, any such right to convert, and such rights shall not be impaired
without the consent of such Holder.
Section 509. Rights and Remedies Cumulative.
Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in the last
paragraph of Section 306, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of
any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right
and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy
hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.
Section 510. Delay or Omission Not Waiver.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of
Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and
remedy given by this Article V or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed
expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.
Section 511. Control by Holders.
The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series shall have the right to
direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power
conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such series; provided that
(1) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and
(2) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction.
24
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 29/51