6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
“Redemption Date” means, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant
to this Indenture.
“Redemption Price” means, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to
this Indenture.
“Regular Record Date” means, for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Securities of any series, the date specified
for that purpose as contemplated by Section 301.
“Repayment Date” means, with used with respect to a Security to be repaid at the option of a Holder, the date fixed for such repayment
by or pursuant to this Indenture.
“Responsible Officer” means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee,
including any vice president, or any other officer associated with the corporate trust department of the Trustee customarily performing
functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this
Indenture and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of
such person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.
“Securities” has the meaning specified in the first recital of this Indenture and more particularly means any Securities authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture.
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.
“Security Register” and “Security Registrar” have the respective meanings specified in Section 305.
“Special Record Date” means, for the payment of any Defaulted Interest, a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 307.
“Stated Maturity” means, when used with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, the date
specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is due and
payable.
“Subsidiary” means a corporation more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the
Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition,
“voting stock” means stock which ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior
class of stock has such voting power by reason of any contingency.
“Successor” has the meaning specified in Section 801.
“Trust Indenture Act” means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this Indenture was executed;
provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, “Trust Indenture Act” means, to the extent
required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended.
“Trustee” means the Person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Trustee shall have become
such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee
hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Trustee” as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall mean
the Trustee with respect to Securities of that series.
“U.S. Government Obligation” has the meaning specified in Section 1304(1).
“Vice President” means, when used with respect to the Company or the Trustee, any vice president, whether or not designated by a
number or a word or words added before or after the title “vice president.”
5
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 10/51