6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
A copy of each such report shall, at the time of such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with each stock exchange and
automated quotation system, if any, upon which any Securities are listed, with the Commission and with the Company. The Company will
notify the Trustee when any Securities are listed on any stock exchange or automated quotation system or delisted therefrom.
Section 704. Reports by Company.
The Company shall file with the Trustee, and transmit to the Holders, such information, documents and other reports, and such
summaries thereof, as may be required pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the
Trustee is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the
reports, information and documents. All required reports, information and documents referred to in this Section 704 shall be deemed filed with
the Trustee and transmitted to the Holders at the time such reports, information or documents are publicly filed with the Commission via the
Commission’s EDGAR filing system (or any successor system). For purposes of clarification, the foregoing sentence does not impose on the
Trustee any duty to search for or obtain any electronic or other filings that the Company makes with the Commission, regardless of whether
such filings are periodic, supplemental or otherwise. The Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information
contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants
hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates).
ARTICLE VIII
CONSOLIDATION, MERGER
AND SALE OF ASSETS
Section 801. Company May Merge or Transfer Assets Only on Certain Terms.
The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of its properties
and assets to, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, any other Person, unless:
(1) the Company shall be the continuing entity, or the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the “Successor”) shall be a Person (if
such Person is not a corporation, then the Successor shall include a corporate co-issuer of the Securities) organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and the Successor (if not the
Company) shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of the Company under the Securities and this Indenture and, for each
Security that by its terms provides for conversion, shall have provided for the right to convert such Security in accordance with its
terms; and
(2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
Section 802. Successor Corporation Substituted.
The Successor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Indenture,
with the same effect as if the Successor had been an original party to this Indenture, and the Company shall be released from all its liabilities
and obligations under this Indenture and the Securities.
33
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 38/51