6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the U.S.
Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 1304 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax,
fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of Outstanding Securities; provided that the Trustee shall be entitled to
charge any such tax, fee or other charge to such Holder’s account.
Anything in this Article XIII to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon
Company Request any money or U.S. Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 1304 with respect to any Securities which are
in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect the Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, as the case
may be, with respect to such Securities.
Section 1306. Reinstatement.
If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money in accordance with this Article XIII with respect to any Securities by
reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then
the obligations under this Indenture and such Securities from which the Company has been discharged or released pursuant to Section 1302
or Section 1303 shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article XIII with respect to such Securities,
until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all money held in trust pursuant to Section 1305 with respect to such
Securities in accordance with this Article XIII; provided, however, that (a) if the Company makes any payment of principal of or premium, if
any, or interest on any such Security following such reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights, if any, of
the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money so held in trust and (b) unless otherwise required by any legal
proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority, the Trustee or Paying Agent shall return all such money and U.S.
Government Obligations to the Company promptly after receiving a written request therefor at any time, if such reinstatement of the
Company’s obligations has occurred and continues to be in effect.
ARTICLE XIV
REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS
Section 1401. Applicability of Article.
Repayment of Securities of any series before their Stated Maturity at the option of Holders thereof shall be made in accordance with the
terms of such Securities and (except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of any series) in accordance with
this Article XIV.
Section 1402. Repayment of Securities.
Securities of any series subject to repayment in whole or in part at the option of the Holders thereof will, unless otherwise provided in the
terms of such Securities, be repaid at a price equal to the principal amount thereof and premium, if any, thereon, together with interest thereon
accrued to the Repayment Date specified in or pursuant to the terms of such Securities. The Company covenants that on or before the
Repayment Date it will deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and
hold in trust as provided in Section 1003) an amount of money sufficient to pay the principal (or, if so provided by the terms of the Securities of
any series, a percentage of the principal) of, the premium, if any, and (except if the Repayment Date shall be an Interest Payment Date)
accrued interest on, all the Securities or portions thereof, as the case may be, to be repaid on such date.
44
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 49/51