6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 512. Waiver of Past Defaults.
The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series may on behalf of the
Holders of all the Securities of such series waive any past default hereunder with respect to such series and its consequences, except a
default
(1) in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Security of such series, or
(2) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article IX cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the
Holder of each Outstanding Security of such series affected.
Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been
cured, for every purpose of this Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent
thereon.
Section 513. Undertaking for Costs.
In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken,
suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, a court may require any party litigant in such suit to file an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit
(including the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), and may assess reasonable costs against
any such party litigant, in the manner and to the extent provided in the Trust Indenture Act; provided that neither this Section 513 nor the Trust
Indenture Act shall be deemed to authorize any court to require such an undertaking or to make such an assessment in any suit instituted by
the Company or the Trustee, a suit by a Holder under Section 508, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the
Outstanding Securities.
Section 514. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws.
The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner
whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any usury, stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby
expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power
herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.
Section 515. Restoration of Rights and Remedies.
If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has
been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such
case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively
to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such
proceeding had been instituted.
ARTICLE VI
THE TRUSTEE
Section 601. Certain Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee.
(1) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default with respect to any series of Securities,
(A) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture with
respect to the Securities of such series, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against
the Trustee with respect to such series; and
(B) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may rely with respect to the Securities of such series, as to the truth of
the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee
and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any
provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the
same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate
the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).
25
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 30/51