6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 309. Cancellation.
All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion or for credit against any sinking
fund payment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by it. The
Company may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the
Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee)
for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not issued and sold, and all Securities so
delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Trustee. No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities
cancelled as provided in this Section 309, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled Securities held by the Trustee shall
be disposed of in accordance with its customary procedures. The Trustee shall provide the Company a list of all Securities that have been
cancelled from time to time as requested by the Company.
Section 310. Computation of Interest.
Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of any series, interest on the Securities of each series shall
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.
Section 311. CUSIP Numbers.
The Company in issuing any series of the Securities may use “CUSIP” or “ISIN” numbers and/or other similar numbers, if then generally
in use, and thereafter with respect to such series, the Trustee may use such numbers in any notice of redemption with respect to such series;
provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the
Securities of such series or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers printed on the Securities of such series, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such
numbers.
Section 312. Original Issue Discount.
If any of the Securities is an Original Issue Discount Security, the Company shall file with the Trustee promptly at the end of each
calendar year (1) a written notice specifying the amount of original issue discount (including daily rates and accrual periods) accrued on such
Outstanding Original Issue Discount Securities as of the end of such year and (2) such other specific information relating to such original
issue discount as may then be relevant under the Internal Revenue Code.
ARTICLE IV
SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE
Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.
This Indenture shall, upon Company Request, cease to be of further effect with respect to any series of Securities specified in such
Company Request (except as to any surviving rights of registration of transfer or exchange of Securities of such series herein expressly
provided for), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of
this Indenture as to such series, when:
(1) either
(A) all Securities of such series theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i) Securities which have been mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 306 and (ii) Securities for whose
payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter
repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 1003) have been delivered to the Trustee for
cancellation; or
19
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 24/51