6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
EX-4.1 2 d644900dex41.htm EX-4.1
Exhibit 4.1
Apple Inc.
as Issuer
and
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
as Trustee
INDENTURE
Dated as of November 5, 2018
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 1/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
CERTAIN SECTIONS OF THIS INDENTURE
RELATING TO SECTIONS 310 THROUGH 318 INCLUSIVE,
OF THE TRUST INDENTURE ACT OF 1939
Trust Indenture Act Section INDENTURE Section
Section 310(a)(1) Section 609
(a)(2) Section 609
(a)(3) Not Applicable
(a)(4) Not Applicable
(b) Section 608
Section 610
Section 311(a) Section 613
(b) Section 613
Section 312(a) Section 701
Section 702
(b) Section 702
(c) Section 702
Section 313(a) Section 703
(b) Section 703
(c) Section 703
(d) Section 703
Section 314(a) Section 704
(a)(4) Section 1004
(b) Not Applicable
(c)(1) Section 102
(c)(2) Section 102
(c)(3) Not Applicable
(d) Not Applicable
(e) Section 102
Section 315(a) Section 601
(b) Section 602
(c) Section 601
(d) Section 601
(e) Section 513
Section 316(a) Section 101
(a)(1)(A) Section 502, Section 511
(a)(1)(B) Section 512
(a)(2) Not Applicable
(b) Section 508
(c) Section 104
Section 317(a)(1) Section 503
(a)(2) Section 504
(b) Section 1003
Section 318(a) Section 107
NOTE: This reconciliation and tie shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be a part of this Indenture.
i
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 2/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 1
Section 101. Definitions. 1
Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions. 6
Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee. 6
Section 104. Acts of Holders; Record Dates. 6
Section 105. Notices, Etc., to Trustee and Company. 8
Section 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver. 8
Section 107. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act. 9
Section 108. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents. 9
Section 109. Successors and Assigns. 9
Section 110. Separability Clause. 9
Section 111. Benefits of Indenture. 9
Section 112. Governing Law. 9
Section 113. Legal Holidays. 9
Section 114. No Recourse Against Others. 10
Section 115. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 10
Section 116. Submission to Jurisdiction. 10
ARTICLE II SECURITY FORMS 10
Section 201. Forms Generally. 10
Section 202. Form of Legend for Global Securities. 11
Section 203. Form of Trustee’s Certificate of Authentication. 11
ARTICLE III THE SECURITIES 12
Section 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series. 12
Section 302. Denominations. 14
Section 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating. 14
Section 304. Temporary Securities. 15
Section 305. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange. 16
Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities. 17
Section 307. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved. 18
Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners. 18
Section 309. Cancellation. 19
Section 310. Computation of Interest. 19
Section 311. CUSIP Numbers. 19
Section 312. Original Issue Discount. 19
ARTICLE IV SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 19
Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture. 19
Section 402. Application of Trust Money. 20
ARTICLE V REMEDIES 20
Section 501. Events of Default. 20
Section 502. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment. 21
Section 503. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee. 22
ii
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 3/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 504. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. 23
Section 505. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities. 23
Section 506. Application of Money Collected. 23
Section 507. Limitation on Suits. 23
Section 508. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest and to Convert Securities. 24
Section 509. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. 24
Section 510. Delay or Omission Not Waiver. 24
Section 511. Control by Holders. 24
Section 512. Waiver of Past Defaults. 25
Section 513. Undertaking for Costs. 25
Section 514. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws. 25
Section 515. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. 25
ARTICLE VI THE TRUSTEE 25
Section 601. Certain Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. 25
Section 602. Notice of Defaults. 26
Section 603. Certain Rights of Trustee. 26
Section 604. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities. 27
Section 605. May Hold Securities. 28
Section 606. Money Held in Trust. 28
Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement. 28
Section 608. Conflicting Interests. 28
Section 609. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility. 29
Section 610. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor. 29
Section 611. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor. 30
Section 612. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business. 30
Section 613. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company. 31
Section 614. Appointment of Authenticating Agent. 31
ARTICLE VII HOLDERS’ LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE AND COMPANY 32
Section 701. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders. 32
Section 702. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders. 32
Section 703. Reports by Trustee. 32
Section 704. Reports by Company. 33
ARTICLE VIII CONSOLIDATION, MERGER AND SALE OF ASSETS 33
Section 801. Company May Merge or Transfer Assets Only on Certain Terms. 33
Section 802. Successor Corporation Substituted. 33
ARTICLE IX SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES 34
Section 901. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. 34
Section 902. Supplemental Indentures With Consent of Holders. 35
Section 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures. 36
Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures. 36
Section 905. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act. 36
Section 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures. 36
ARTICLE X COVENANTS 36
Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest. 36
iii
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 4/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 1002. Maintenance of Office or Agency. 36
Section 1003. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust. 37
Section 1004. Statement by Officers as to Default. 38
Section 1005. Waiver of Certain Covenants. 38
ARTICLE XI REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES 38
Section 1101. Applicability of Article. 38
Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee. 38
Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed. 38
Section 1104. Notice of Redemption. 39
Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price. 40
Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date. 40
Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part. 40
ARTICLE XII SINKING FUNDS 41
Section 1201. Applicability of Article. 41
Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities. 41
Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund. 41
ARTICLE XIII DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 41
Section 1301. Company’s Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 41
Section 1302. Defeasance and Discharge. 42
Section 1303. Covenant Defeasance. 42
Section 1304. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 42
Section 1305. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Miscellaneous Provisions. 43
Section 1306. Reinstatement. 44
ARTICLE XIV REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS 44
Section 1401. Applicability of Article. 44
Section 1402. Repayment of Securities. 44
Section 1403. Exercise of Option. 45
Section 1404. When Securities Presented for Repayment Become Due and Payable. 45
Section 1405. Securities Repaid in Part. 45
iv
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 5/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
INDENTURE, dated as of November 5, 2018, between Apple Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State
of California (herein called the “Company”), and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., a national banking association duly
organized and existing under the laws of the United States, as Trustee (herein called the “Trustee”).
RECITALS OF THE COMPANY
The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of its debt
securities (herein called the “Securities”), to be issued in one or more series as in this Indenture provided.
All things necessary to make this Indenture a valid agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done.
NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:
For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Securities by the Holders thereof, it is mutually agreed, for the equal
and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of any series thereof, as follows:
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS
OF GENERAL APPLICATION
Section 101. Definitions.
For all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:
(1) the terms defined in this Article I have the meanings assigned to them in this Article I and include the plural as well as the singular;
(2) all other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings
assigned to them therein;
(3) all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with GAAP;
(4) unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an “Article” or a “Section” refers to an Article or a Section, as the case may
be, of this Indenture;
(5) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any
particular Article, Section or other subdivision;
(6) “including” means including without limitation;
(7) “or” is inclusive;
(8) references to statutes are to be construed as including all statutory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute
referred to;
(9) when used with respect to any Security, the words “convert,” “converted” and “conversion” are intended to refer to the right of the
Holder or the Company to convert or exchange such Security into or for securities or other property in accordance with such terms,
if any, as may hereafter be specified for such Security as contemplated by Section 301, and these words are not intended to refer
to any right of the Holder or the Company to exchange such Security for other Securities of the same series and like tenor
pursuant to Section 304, Section 305, Section 306, Section 906 or Section 1107 or another similar provisions of this Indenture,
unless the context otherwise requires; and references herein to the terms of any Security that may be converted mean such terms
as may be specified for such Security as contemplated in Section 301; and
(10) unless otherwise provided, references to agreements and other instruments shall be deemed to include all amendments and other
modifications to such agreements and instruments, but only to the extent such amendments and other modifications are not
prohibited by the terms of this Indenture.
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 6/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
“Act,” when used with respect to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 104.
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct
or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified
Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
“Applicable Procedures” means, with respect to a Depositary, as to any matter at any time, the policies and procedures of such
Depositary, if any, that are applicable to such matter at such time.
“Authenticating Agent” means any Person authorized by the Trustee pursuant to Section 614 to act on behalf of the Trustee to
authenticate Securities of one or more series.
“Bankruptcy Law” has the meaning specified in Section 501.
“Board of Directors” means either the Board of Directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee of that Board of Directors.
“Board Resolution” means a copy of one or more resolutions certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to
have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification and delivered to the
Trustee.
“Business Day” means, when used with respect to any Place of Payment, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301,
any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, which is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law or executive
order to close in that Place of Payment.
“Commission” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or,
if at any time after the execution of this Indenture such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the
Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties at such time.
“Company” means the Person named as the “Company” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Person shall have
become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Company” shall mean such successor Person.
“Company Request” or “Company Order” means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer of the
Company (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver Company Requests and
Company Orders), and delivered to the Trustee.
“Corporate Trust Office” means the principal office of the Trustee at which, at any particular time, its corporate trust business shall be
conducted (which office is located as of the date of this Indenture at The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., 400 South Hope
Street, Suite 500, Los Angeles, California 90071, Attention: Corporate Trust Unit, or at any other time at such other address as the Trustee
may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders).
“Covenant Defeasance” has the meaning specified in Section 1303.
“Custodian” has the meaning specified in Section 501.
“Default” means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.
“Defaulted Interest” has the meaning specified in Section 307.
2
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 7/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
“Defeasance” has the meaning specified in Section 1302.
“Depositary” means, with respect to Securities of any series issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, a
clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act that is designated to act as Depositary for such Securities as contemplated by
Section 301.
“Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 501.
“Exchange Act” means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from
time to time.
“Expiration Date” has the meaning specified in Section 104.
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time.
“Global Security” means a Security that evidences all or part of the Securities of any series and bears the legend set forth in Section 202
(or such legend as may be specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities).
“Holder” means a Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Security Register.
“Indenture” means this instrument as originally executed and as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more
indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof, including, for all purposes of this instrument and
any such supplemental indenture, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are deemed to be a part of and govern this instrument and any
such supplemental indenture, respectively. The term “Indenture” shall also include the terms of particular series of Securities established as
contemplated by Section 301.
“interest” means, when used with respect to an Original Issue Discount Security which by its terms bears interest only after Maturity,
interest payable after Maturity.
“Interest Payment Date” means, when used with respect to any Security, the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such
Security.
“Internal Revenue Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
“Maturity” means, when used with respect to any Security, the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal
becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption
or otherwise.
“Notice of Default” means a written notice of the kind specified in Section 501.
“Officer” means the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Corporate Treasurer, the Corporate Controller, the General
Counsel and Secretary, or any Assistant Secretary of the Company.
“Officer’s Certificate” means a certificate signed by an Officer of the Company (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the
Company as authorized to execute and deliver Officer’s Certificates) and delivered to the Trustee.
“Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion of counsel (who may be counsel for the Company) and which shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of the Company. Opinions of Counsel required to be delivered under this
Indenture may have qualifications customary for opinions of the type required.
“Original Issue Discount Security” means any Security which provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due
and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502.
“Outstanding” means, when used with respect to Securities, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture, except:
(1) Securities theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;
3
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 8/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(2) Securities for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or
any Paying Agent (other than the Company) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act
as its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities; provided that, if such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such
redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made;
(3) Securities as to which Defeasance has been effected pursuant to Section 1302;
(4) Securities which have been paid pursuant to Section 306 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been
authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Securities in respect of which there shall have been
presented to the Trustee proof satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such
Securities are valid obligations of the Company; and
(5) Securities as to which any property deliverable upon conversion thereof has been delivered (or such delivery has been made
available), or as to which any other particular conditions have been satisfied, in each case as may be provided for such Securities
as contemplated in Section 301;
provided, however, that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the Outstanding Securities have given, made
or taken any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action hereunder as of any date, (A) the principal
amount of an Original Issue Discount Security which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount of the principal thereof which
would be due and payable as of such date upon acceleration of the Maturity thereof to such date pursuant to Section 502, (B) if, as of such
date, the principal amount payable at the Stated Maturity of a Security is not determinable, the principal amount of such Security which shall
be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount as specified or determined as contemplated by Section 301, (C) the principal amount of a
Security denominated in one or more foreign currencies, composite currencies or currency units which shall be deemed to be Outstanding
shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent, determined as of such date in the manner provided as contemplated by Section 301, of the principal
amount of such Security (or, in the case of a Security described in clause (A) or (B) above, of the amount determined as provided in such
clause), and (D) Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other
obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying
upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, only Securities which a Responsible Officer
of the Trustee knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded
as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee’s right so to act with respect to such Securities and
that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor.
“Paying Agent” means any Person authorized by the Company to pay the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities on
behalf of the Company. The Company initially authorizes and appoints the Trustee as the Paying Agent for each series of the Securities.
“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust,
unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.
“Place of Payment” means, when used with respect to the Securities of any series, the place or places where the principal of and
premium, if any, and interest on the Securities of such series are payable as specified as contemplated by Section 301.
“Predecessor Security” means, with respect to any particular Security, every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same
debt as that evidenced by such particular Security; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Security authenticated and delivered under
Section 306 in exchange for or in lieu of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security.
4
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 9/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
“Redemption Date” means, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant
to this Indenture.
“Redemption Price” means, when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to
this Indenture.
“Regular Record Date” means, for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Securities of any series, the date specified
for that purpose as contemplated by Section 301.
“Repayment Date” means, with used with respect to a Security to be repaid at the option of a Holder, the date fixed for such repayment
by or pursuant to this Indenture.
“Responsible Officer” means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee,
including any vice president, or any other officer associated with the corporate trust department of the Trustee customarily performing
functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this
Indenture and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of
such person’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.
“Securities” has the meaning specified in the first recital of this Indenture and more particularly means any Securities authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture.
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.
“Security Register” and “Security Registrar” have the respective meanings specified in Section 305.
“Special Record Date” means, for the payment of any Defaulted Interest, a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 307.
“Stated Maturity” means, when used with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, the date
specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is due and
payable.
“Subsidiary” means a corporation more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the
Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition,
“voting stock” means stock which ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors, whether at all times or only so long as no senior
class of stock has such voting power by reason of any contingency.
“Successor” has the meaning specified in Section 801.
“Trust Indenture Act” means the U.S. Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this Indenture was executed;
provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, “Trust Indenture Act” means, to the extent
required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended.
“Trustee” means the Person named as the “Trustee” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Trustee shall have become
such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Trustee” shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee
hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, “Trustee” as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall mean
the Trustee with respect to Securities of that series.
“U.S. Government Obligation” has the meaning specified in Section 1304(1).
“Vice President” means, when used with respect to the Company or the Trustee, any vice president, whether or not designated by a
number or a word or words added before or after the title “vice president.”
5
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 10/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 102. Compliance Certificates and Opinions.
Upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company
shall furnish to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the
proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent,
if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of such documents is
specifically required by any provision of this Indenture relating to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or opinion
need be furnished by the Company.
Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (except for certificates
provided for in Section 1004) shall include:
(1) a statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein
relating thereto;
(2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained
in such certificate or opinion are based;
(3) a statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to
enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and
(4) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with.
Section 103. Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee.
In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary
that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one
document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other
matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.
Any certificate or opinion of an Officer (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and
deliver the Securities) may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel,
unless such Officer (or any such Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the
Securities) knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the
matters upon which such Officer’s (or such Person’s) certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or Opinion of Counsel
may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an Officer or Officers of the
Company (or any Person or Persons designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities)
stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company, unless such counsel knows, or in the
exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.
Counsel delivering an Opinion of Counsel may also rely as to factual matters on certificates of governmental or other officials customary for
opinions of the type required.
Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions
or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.
Section 104. Acts of Holders; Record Dates.
Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be
given, made or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such
Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become
effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. Such
instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the “Act” of the
Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be
sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and, subject to Section 601, conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the
manner provided in this Section 104.
6
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 11/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved in any manner which the Trustee
reasonably deems sufficient. Where such execution is by a Person acting in a capacity other than such Person’s individual capacity, such
certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of such Person’s authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument
or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner which the Trustee deems sufficient.
The ownership of Securities shall be proved by the Security Register.
Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future
Holder of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu
thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation
of such action is made upon such Security.
The Company may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Securities of any series
entitled to give, make or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by
this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders of Securities of such series; provided that the Company may not set a record date for,
and the provisions of this paragraph shall not apply with respect to, the giving or making of any notice, declaration, request or direction
referred to in the next paragraph. If any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Securities of the relevant
series on such record date, and no other Holders, shall be entitled to take the relevant action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders
after such record date; provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by
Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of such series on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be
construed to prevent the Company from setting a new record date for any action for which a record date has previously been set pursuant to
this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person be cancelled and of no effect),
and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of
Outstanding Securities of the relevant series on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is set pursuant to this
paragraph, the Company, at its own expense, shall cause notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable
Expiration Date to be given to the Trustee in writing and to each Holder of Securities of the relevant series in the manner set forth in Sections
105 and 106.
The Trustee may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Securities of any series
entitled to join in the giving or making of (i) any Notice of Default, (ii) any declaration of acceleration referred to in Section 502, (iii) any request
to institute proceedings referred to in Section 507(2) or (iv) any direction referred to in Section 511, in each case with respect to Securities of
such series. If any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Securities of such series on such record date,
and no other Holders, shall be entitled to join in such notice, declaration, request or direction, whether or not such Holders remain Holders
after such record date; provided that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by
Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of such series on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be
construed to prevent the Trustee from setting a new record date for any action for which a record date has previously been set pursuant to
this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person be cancelled and of no effect),
and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of
Outstanding Securities of the relevant series on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is set pursuant to this
paragraph, the Trustee, at the Company’s expense, shall cause notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable
Expiration Date to be given to the Company in writing and to each Holder of Securities of the relevant series in the manner set forth in
Sections 105 and 106.
With respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section 104, the party hereto which sets such record dates may designate any day
as the “Expiration Date” and from time to time may change the Expiration Date to any earlier or later day; provided that no such change shall
be effective unless notice of the proposed new Expiration Date is given to the other party hereto in writing, and to each Holder of Securities of
the relevant series in the manner set forth in Section 106, on or prior to the existing Expiration Date. If an Expiration Date is not designated
with respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section 104, the party hereto which set such record date shall be deemed to have initially
designated the 180th day after such record date as the Expiration Date with respect thereto, subject to its right to change the Expiration Date
as provided in this paragraph.
7
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 12/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled hereunder to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Security may do so
with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Security or by one or more duly appointed agents each of which may do so
pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount.
Section 105. Notices, Etc., to Trustee and Company.
Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this
Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with,
(1) the Trustee by any Holder or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in
writing (which may be by facsimile) to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office at the location specified in Section 101; or
(2) the Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly
provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to the Company addressed to the attention of the Secretary of the
Company at the address of the Company’s principal office specified in writing to the Trustee by the Company and, until further
notice, at Apple Inc., One Apple Park Way, MS 169-5GC, Cupertino, California 95014, fax number: (408) 974-8530, Attention:
Office of the General Counsel.
In addition to the foregoing, the Trustee agrees to accept and act upon notice, instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent
by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods. If the party elects to give the Trustee e-mail or
facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the
Trustee’s understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses
arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee’s reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict
or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of
the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee
acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties.
Section 106. Notice to Holders; Waiver.
Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein
expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder affected by such event, at such Holder’s address as it
appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest date, if any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of
such notice. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so
mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Any notice when mailed to a Holder in
the aforesaid manner shall be conclusively deemed to have been received by such Holder whether or not actually received by such Holder.
Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice,
either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the
Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.
In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice
by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose
hereunder.
8
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 13/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Where this Indenture provides for notice of any event to a Holder of a Global Security, such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to
the Depositary for such Security (or its designee), pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary, not later than the latest date, if
any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of such notice.
Section 107. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act.
If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with a provision of the Trust Indenture Act which is required under such Act
to be a part of and govern this Indenture, the latter provision shall control. If any provision of this Indenture modifies or excludes any provision
of the Trust Indenture Act which may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Indenture as so modified
or to be excluded, as the case may be.
Section 108. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents.
The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Section 109. Successors and Assigns.
All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. All
agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.
Section 110. Separability Clause.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Section 111. Benefits of Indenture.
Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their
successors hereunder and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.
Section 112. Governing Law.
This Indenture and the Securities shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
Section 113. Legal Holidays.
In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Repayment Date or Stated Maturity of any Security, or any date on
which a Holder has the right to convert such Holder’s Security, shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment, then (notwithstanding
any other provision of this Indenture or of the Securities (other than a provision of any Security which specifically states that such provision
shall apply in lieu of this Section 113)) payment of principal and premium, if any, or interest, or the Redemption Price or conversion of such
Security, shall not be made at such Place of Payment on such date, but shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of
Payment with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Repayment Date, or at the Stated
Maturity, or on such conversion date. In the case, however, of Securities of a series bearing interest at a floating rate based on the London
interbank offered rate (LIBOR), if any Interest Payment Date (other than the Redemption Date, Repayment Date or Stated Maturity) would
otherwise be a date that is not a Business Day, then the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the following date which is a Business
Day, unless that Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date will be the Business Day
immediately preceding the scheduled Interest Payment Date. No interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such Interest Payment
Date, Redemption Date, Repayment Date, Stated Maturity or conversion date, as the case may be, to the date of such payment.
9
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 14/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 114. No Recourse Against Others.
No recourse shall be had for the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on any Security of any series, or for any
claim based thereon, or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of this Indenture, against any incorporator, shareholder, officer or
director, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, either directly or indirectly through
the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law or by the enforcement
of any assessment of penalty or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Indenture and all the Securities of each series
are solely corporate obligations, and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, or is incurred by, any incorporator, shareholder,
officer or director, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation of the Company, either directly or indirectly through
the Company or any successor corporation of the Company, because of the incurring of the indebtedness hereby authorized or under or by
reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements contained in this Indenture or in any of the Securities of any series, or to be implied
herefrom or therefrom; and that all such personal liability is hereby expressly released and waived as a condition of, and as part of the
consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issuance of the Securities of each series.
Section 115. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.
EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE HOLDERS AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING AS BETWEEN THE
COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE ONLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE SECURITIES.
Section 116. Submission to Jurisdiction.
The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any New York State court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan
in the City of New York or any federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City of New York in respect of any suit, action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture and the Securities, and irrevocably accepts for itself and in respect of its
property, generally and unconditionally, jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts.
ARTICLE II
SECURITY FORMS
Section 201. Forms Generally.
The Securities of each series shall be in substantially such form or forms as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution
or, subject to Section 303, set forth in, or determined in the manner provided in, an Officer’s Certificate pursuant to a Board Resolution, or in
one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as
are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or
endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with applicable tax laws or the rules of any securities exchange or Depositary
therefor or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Officer (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as
authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) executing such Securities, as evidenced by his or her execution thereof. If the form of
Securities of any series is established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be
certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Company
Order contemplated by Section 303 for the authentication and delivery of such Securities. If all of the Securities of any series established by
action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution are not to be issued at one time, it shall not be necessary to deliver a record of such action at the
time of issuance of each Security of such series, but an appropriate record of such action shall be delivered at or before the time of issuance
of the first Security of such series.
10
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 15/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The definitive Securities shall be printed, lithographed or engraved or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the
Officer (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities) executing such
Securities, as evidenced by his or her execution of such Securities.
Section 202. Form of Legend for Global Securities.
Unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for the Securities evidenced thereby or as required by Applicable
Procedures, every Global Security authenticated and delivered hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:
[Insert, if applicable — UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY
TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (“DTC”), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER,
EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER
NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER
USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER
HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.
TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES
OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL
SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE INDENTURE
REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.]
[Insert, if applicable — THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO
HEREIN AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE
EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN
PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT
IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE.]
Section 203. Form of Trustee’s Certificate of Authentication.
The Trustee’s certificates of authentication shall be in substantially the following form:
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated:
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A.,
as Trustee
By:
Authorized Signatory
11
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 16/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
ARTICLE III
THE SECURITIES
Section 301. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series.
The aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited.
The Securities may be issued in one or more series. There shall be established in or pursuant to (a) a Board Resolution or pursuant to
authority granted by a Board Resolution and, subject to Section 303, set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in an Officer’s
Certificate, or (b) one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of Securities of any series:
(1) the title of the Securities of the series (which shall distinguish the Securities of the series from Securities of any other series);
(2) the limit, if any, on the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the series which may be authenticated and delivered under
this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of,
other Securities of the series pursuant to Section 304, Section 305, Section 306, Section 906, Section 1107 or Section 1405 and
except for any Securities which, pursuant to Section 303, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder);
provided, however, that the authorized aggregate principal amount of such series may from time to time be increased above such
amount by a Board Resolution to such effect;
(3) the price or prices at which the Securities will be sold;
(4) the Person to whom any interest on a Security of the series shall be payable, if other than the Person in whose name that Security
(or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest;
(5) the date or dates on which the principal and premium, if any, of any Securities of the series is payable or the method used to
determine or extend those dates;
(6) the rate or rates at which any Securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, or the method by which such rate or rates shall be
determined, the date or dates from which any such interest shall accrue, or the method by which such date or dates shall be
determined, the Interest Payment Dates on which any such interest shall be payable and the Regular Record Date, if any, for any
such interest payable on any Interest Payment Date, or the method by which such date or dates shall be determined, and the
basis upon which interest shall be calculated if other than that of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months, the right, if any, to
extend or defer interest payments and the duration of such extension or deferral;
(7) the place or places where the principal of and any premium and interest on any Securities of the series shall be payable, the place
or places where the Securities of such series may be presented for registration of transfer or exchange, the place or places where
notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of such series may be made and the manner in which
any payment may be made;
(8) the period or periods within which or the date or dates on which, the price or prices at which, the currency or currency units in
which, and the terms and conditions upon which any Securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of
the Company and, if other than by a Board Resolution, the manner in which any election by the Company to redeem the Securities
shall be evidenced;
(9) the obligation or the right, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase any Securities of the series pursuant to any sinking fund,
amortization or analogous provisions or at the option of the Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or
prices at which, the currency or currency units in which, and the terms and conditions upon which any Securities of the series shall
be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation;
(10) if other than denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in which any
Securities of the series shall be issuable;
(11) if other than the Trustee, the identity of each Security Registrar and/or Paying Agent;
12
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 17/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(12) if the amount of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of the series may be determined with reference to a
financial or economic measure or index or pursuant to a formula, the manner in which such amounts shall be determined;
(13) if other than the currency of the United States of America, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or
premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of the series shall be payable and the manner of determining the equivalent thereof
in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose, including for purposes of the definition of “Outstanding” in
Section 101;
(14) if the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of the series is to be payable, at the election of the Company or
the Holder thereof, in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which such Securities are stated to be
payable, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on such Securities as to
which such election is made shall be payable, the periods within which or the dates on which and the terms and conditions upon
which such election is to be made and the amount so payable (or the manner in which such amount shall be determined);
(15) if the provisions of Section 401 relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture shall apply to the Securities of that
series; or if provisions for the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture other than as set forth in Section 401 shall apply to the
Securities of that series;
(16) if other than the entire principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of any Securities of the series which shall be
payable upon declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502 or the method by which such portion shall
be determined;
(17) if the principal amount payable at the Stated Maturity of any Securities of the series will not be determinable as of any one or more
dates prior to the Stated Maturity, the amount which shall be deemed to be the principal amount of such Securities as of any such
date for any purpose thereunder or hereunder, including the principal amount thereof which shall be due and payable upon any
Maturity other than the Stated Maturity or which shall be deemed to be Outstanding as of any date prior to the Stated Maturity (or,
in any such case, the manner in which such amount deemed to be the principal amount shall be determined);
(18) if other than by a Board Resolution, the manner in which any election by the Company to defease any Securities of the series
pursuant to Section 1302 or Section 1303 shall be evidenced; whether any Securities of the series other than Securities
denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate are to be subject to Section 1302 or Section 1303; or, in the case
of Securities denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate, if applicable, that the Securities of the series, in
whole or any specified part, shall not be defeasible pursuant to Section 1302 or Section 1303 or both such Sections;
(19) if applicable, that any Securities of the series shall be issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities and,
in such case, the respective Depositaries for such Global Securities, the form of any legend or legends which shall be borne by
any such Global Security in addition to or in lieu of that set forth in Section 202 and any circumstances in addition to or in lieu of
those set forth in clause (2) of the last paragraph of Section 305 in which any such Global Security may be exchanged in whole or
in part for Securities registered, and any transfer of such Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name or
names of Persons other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof;
(20) any addition to, deletion from or change in the Events of Default which applies to any Securities of the series and any change in
the right of the Trustee or the requisite Holders of such Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable
pursuant to Section 502;
(21) any addition to, deletion from or change in the covenants set forth in Article X which applies to Securities of the series;
(22) the terms of any right to convert or exchange Securities of such series into any other securities or property of the Company or of
any other corporation or Person, and the additions or changes, if any, to this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series
to permit or facilitate such conversion or exchange;
13
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 18/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(23) whether the Securities of the series will be guaranteed by any Person or Persons and, if so, the identity of such Person or
Persons, the terms and conditions upon which such Securities shall be guaranteed and, if applicable, the terms and conditions
upon which such guarantees may be subordinated to other indebtedness of the respective guarantors;
(24) whether the Securities of the series will be secured by any collateral and, if so, the terms and conditions upon which such
Securities shall be secured and, if applicable, upon which such liens may be subordinated to other liens securing other
indebtedness of the Company or any guarantor;
(25) whether the Securities will be issued in a transaction registered under the Securities Act and any restriction or condition on the
transferability of the Securities of such series;
(26) the exchanges, if any, on which the Securities may be listed; and
(27) any other terms of the series (which terms shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, except as permitted by
Section 901).
All Securities of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to denomination and except as may otherwise be provided in or
pursuant to the Board Resolution referred to above or pursuant to authority granted by one or more Board Resolutions and, subject to
Section 303, set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in the Officer’s Certificate referred to above or in any such indenture
supplemental hereto. All Securities of any one series need not be issued at one time and, unless otherwise provided in or pursuant to the
Board Resolution referred to above and, subject to Section 303, set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in the Officer’s Certificate
referred to above or pursuant to authority granted by one or more Board Resolutions or in any such indenture supplemental hereto with
respect to a series of Securities, additional Securities of a series may be issued, at the option of the Company, without the consent of any
Holder, at any time and from time to time.
If any of the terms of the series are established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such
action shall be certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of
the Officer’s Certificate setting forth the terms of the series.
Section 302. Denominations.
The Securities of each series shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons and only in such denominations as shall be
specified as contemplated by Section 301. In the absence of any such specified denomination with respect to the Securities of any series, the
Securities of such series shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.
Section 303. Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating.
The Securities shall be executed on behalf of the Company by an Officer of the Company (or any Person designated in writing by an
Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver the Securities). The signature of any of these officers on the Securities may be
manual or facsimile.
Securities bearing the manual or facsimile signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company shall bind
the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of
such Securities or did not hold such offices at the date of such Securities.
At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Securities of any series
executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication, together with an Officer’s Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication
and delivery of such Securities, and the Trustee in accordance with the Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such Securities. If the
form or terms of the Securities of the series have been established by or pursuant to one or more Board Resolutions or pursuant to authority
granted by one or more Board Resolutions as permitted by Section 201 and Section 301, in authenticating such Securities, and accepting the
additional responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall be provided with, and, subject to Section 601,
shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating,
(1) if the form of such Securities has been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution or pursuant to authority granted by one or
more Board Resolutions as permitted by Section 201, that such form has been established in conformity with the provisions of this
Indenture;
14
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 19/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(2) if the terms of such Securities have been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution or pursuant to authority granted by one
or more Board Resolutions as permitted by Section 301, that such terms have been established in conformity with the provisions
of this Indenture; and
(3) that such Securities, when authenticated by the Trustee and issued and delivered by the Company in the manner and subject to
any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company
enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally, (ii) general equitable principles
and (iii) an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.
If such form or terms have been so established, the Trustee shall not be required to authenticate such Securities if the issue of such
Securities pursuant to this Indenture will materially adversely affect the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities under the Securities and this
Indenture or otherwise in a manner which is not reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 301 and of the preceding paragraph of this Section 303, if all Securities of a series are not to
be originally issued at one time, including in the event that the aggregate principal amount of a series of Outstanding Securities is increased
as contemplated by Section 301, it shall not be necessary to deliver the Officer’s Certificate, Board Resolution or supplemental indenture
otherwise required pursuant to Section 301 or the Company Order and Opinion of Counsel otherwise required pursuant to this Section 303 at
or prior to the authentication of each Security of such series if such documents are delivered at or prior to the authentication upon original
issuance of the first Security of such series to be issued.
Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication.
No Security shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such
Security a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by manual signature, and such
certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and
delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Security shall have been authenticated and delivered hereunder but never issued
and sold by the Company, and the Company shall deliver such Security to the Trustee for cancellation as provided in Section 309, for all
purposes of this Indenture such Security shall be deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder and shall never be
entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.
Section 304. Temporary Securities.
Pending the preparation of definitive Securities of any series, the Company may execute, and, upon Company Order, the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver, temporary Securities which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, in any
authorized denomination, substantially of the tenor of the definitive Securities of such series in lieu of which they are issued and with such
appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as the officers executing such Securities may determine, as evidenced by
their execution of such Securities.
If temporary Securities of any series are issued, the Company will cause definitive Securities of such series to be prepared without
unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive Securities of such series, the temporary Securities of such series shall be
exchangeable for definitive Securities of such series upon surrender of the temporary Securities of such series at the office or agency of the
Company in a Place of Payment for such series, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary
Securities of any series, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor one or more definitive
Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Until so exchanged, the
temporary Securities of any series shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Securities of such
series and tenor.
15
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 20/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 305. Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange.
The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee a register (the register maintained in such office and in
any other office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment being herein sometimes collectively referred to as the “Security Register”) in
which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Securities and of transfers
of Securities. The Trustee is hereby appointed “Security Registrar” for the purpose of registering Securities and transfers of Securities as
herein provided.
Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Security of a series at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment for
such series, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or
transferees, one or more new Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and principal amount.
At the option of the Holder, Securities of any series may be exchanged for other Securities of the same series, of any authorized
denominations and of like tenor and principal amount, upon surrender of the Securities to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever
any Securities are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Securities
which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive.
All Securities issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities shall be the valid obligations of the Company,
evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such registration of
transfer or exchange.
Every Security presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Company or the Trustee)
be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly
executed, by the Holder thereof or such Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing.
No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange
of Securities, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 304, Section 906, Section 1107 or Section 1405 not involving any transfer.
If the Securities of any series (or of any series and specified tenor) are to be redeemed in part, the Company shall not be required (A) to
issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Securities of such series (or of such series and specified tenor, as the case may be) during a
period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the mailing of a notice of redemption of any such Securities selected
for redemption under Section 1103 and ending at the close of business on the day of such mailing, or (B) to register the transfer of or
exchange any Security so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Security being redeemed in part.
The provisions of clauses (1), (2), (3) and (4) of this paragraph shall apply only to Global Securities:
(1) Each Global Security authenticated under this Indenture shall be registered in the name of the Depositary designated for such
Global Security or a nominee thereof and delivered to such Depositary or a nominee thereof or custodian therefor, and each such
Global Security shall constitute a single Security for all purposes of this Indenture.
(2) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, and subject to such applicable provisions, if any, as may be specified as
contemplated by Section 301, no Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer
of a Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global
Security or a nominee thereof unless (A) such Depositary has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable or no longer
permitted under applicable law to continue as Depositary for such Global Security, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing
an Event of Default with respect to such Global Security, (C) the Company so directs the Trustee by a Company Order or (D) there
shall exist such circumstances, if any, in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as have been specified for this purpose as
contemplated by Section 301.
16
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 21/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(3) Subject to clause (2) above, and subject to such applicable provisions, if any, as may be specified as contemplated by
Section 301, any exchange of a Global Security for other Securities may be made in whole or in part, and all Securities issued in
exchange for a Global Security or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Security
shall direct.
(4) Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Security or any
portion thereof, whether pursuant to this Section 305, Section 304, Section 306, Section 906, Section 1107 or Section 1405 or
otherwise, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Security, unless such Security is registered in
the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof.
The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed
under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or
among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates and
other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture,
and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.
Neither the Trustee nor any agent of the Trustee shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary.
Section 306. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.
If any mutilated Security is surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in
exchange therefor a new Security of the same series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously
outstanding and shall cancel and dispose of such mutilated security in accordance with its customary procedures.
If there shall be delivered to the Company and the Trustee (1) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any
Security and (2) such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then,
in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall
execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same series
and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.
In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its
discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay such Security.
Upon the issuance of any new Security under this Section 306, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any
tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of
counsel to the Company and the fees and expenses of the Trustee and its counsel) connected therewith.
Every new Security of any series issued pursuant to this Section 306 in lieu of any mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall
constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be
at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other
Securities of such series duly issued hereunder.
The provisions of this Section 306 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the
replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities.
17
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 22/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 307. Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved.
Except as otherwise provided as contemplated by Section 301 with respect to any series of Securities, interest on any Security which is
payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name that Security (or
one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest.
Any interest on any Security of any series which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date
(herein called “Defaulted Interest”) shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant Regular Record Date by virtue of having
been such Holder, and such Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (1) or
(2) below:
(1) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest payable on Securities of a series to the Persons in whose
names the Securities of such series (or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on a
Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall
notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on each Security of such series and the date
of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the
aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the
Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit
of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Trustee in consultation with the
Company shall fix a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 days and not
less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice
of the proposed payment. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company of such Special Record Date and, in the name and at the
expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date
therefor to be given to each Holder of Securities of such series in the manner set forth in Section 106, not less than 10 days prior
to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor
having been so mailed, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Securities of such series (or their
respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be
payable pursuant to the following clause (2).
(2) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Securities of any series in any other lawful manner not
inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which such Securities may be listed, and upon such notice as
may be required by such exchange, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this
clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.
Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 307, each Security delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in
exchange for or in lieu of any other Security shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such
other Security.
In the case of any Security which is converted after any Regular Record Date and on or prior to the next succeeding Interest Payment
Date (other than any Security whose Maturity is prior to such Interest Payment Date), interest whose Stated Maturity is on such Interest
Payment Date shall be payable on such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding such conversion, and such interest (whether or not punctually
paid or made available for payment) shall be paid to the Person in whose name that Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is
registered at the close of business on such Regular Record Date. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the immediately preceding
sentence, in the case of any Security which is converted, interest whose Stated Maturity is after the date of conversion of such Security shall
not be payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of any Security that may be converted may provide that the provisions of this
paragraph do not apply, or apply with such additions, changes or omissions as may be provided thereby, to such Security.
Section 308. Persons Deemed Owners.
Prior to due presentment of a Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the
Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Security is registered as the owner of such Security for the purpose of receiving payment
of principal of and premium, if any, and, subject to Section 307, any interest on such Security and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether
or not such Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall be affected by
notice to the contrary.
18
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 23/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 309. Cancellation.
All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion or for credit against any sinking
fund payment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly cancelled by it. The
Company may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the
Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee)
for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not issued and sold, and all Securities so
delivered shall be promptly cancelled by the Trustee. No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities
cancelled as provided in this Section 309, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All cancelled Securities held by the Trustee shall
be disposed of in accordance with its customary procedures. The Trustee shall provide the Company a list of all Securities that have been
cancelled from time to time as requested by the Company.
Section 310. Computation of Interest.
Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of any series, interest on the Securities of each series shall
be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.
Section 311. CUSIP Numbers.
The Company in issuing any series of the Securities may use “CUSIP” or “ISIN” numbers and/or other similar numbers, if then generally
in use, and thereafter with respect to such series, the Trustee may use such numbers in any notice of redemption with respect to such series;
provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the
Securities of such series or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers printed on the Securities of such series, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such
numbers.
Section 312. Original Issue Discount.
If any of the Securities is an Original Issue Discount Security, the Company shall file with the Trustee promptly at the end of each
calendar year (1) a written notice specifying the amount of original issue discount (including daily rates and accrual periods) accrued on such
Outstanding Original Issue Discount Securities as of the end of such year and (2) such other specific information relating to such original
issue discount as may then be relevant under the Internal Revenue Code.
ARTICLE IV
SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE
Section 401. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.
This Indenture shall, upon Company Request, cease to be of further effect with respect to any series of Securities specified in such
Company Request (except as to any surviving rights of registration of transfer or exchange of Securities of such series herein expressly
provided for), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of
this Indenture as to such series, when:
(1) either
(A) all Securities of such series theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i) Securities which have been mutilated,
destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 306 and (ii) Securities for whose
payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter
repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 1003) have been delivered to the Trustee for
cancellation; or
19
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 24/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(B) all such Securities of such series not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation
(i) have become due and payable, or
(ii) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year of the date of deposit, or
(iii) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice
of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company, and the Company, in the case of (i),
(ii) or (iii) above, has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for such purpose
money in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Securities not theretofore
delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal and premium, if any, and interest to the date of such deposit (in
the case of Securities which have become due and payable) or to the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date, as the
case may be;
(2) the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and
(3) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions
precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to such series have been complied
with.
Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 607 and, if
money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (B) of clause (1) of this Section 401, the obligations of the Trustee
under Section 402 and the last paragraph of Section 1003 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge.
Section 402. Application of Trust Money.
Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 1003, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 401 shall be
held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable series of Securities and this Indenture, to the payment,
either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the
Persons entitled thereto, of the principal and premium, if any, and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with the
Trustee. All money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 401 (and held by it or any Paying Agent) for the payment of Securities
subsequently converted into other property shall be returned to the Company upon Company Request. The Company may direct by a
Company Order the investment of any money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 401, without distinction between principal and
income, in (1) United States Treasury securities with a maturity of one year or less or (2) a money market fund that invests solely in short-term
United States Treasury securities (including money market funds for which the Trustee or an affiliate of the Trustee serves as investment
advisor, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent and/or custodian or sub-custodian, notwithstanding that (a) the Trustee charges and
collects fees and expenses from such funds for services rendered and (b) the Trustee charges and collects fees and expenses for services
rendered pursuant to this Indenture at any time) and from time to time the Company may direct the reinvestment of all or a portion of such
money in other securities or funds meeting the criteria specified in clause (1) or (2) of this Section 402.
ARTICLE V
REMEDIES
Section 501. Events of Default.
Except as may be otherwise provided pursuant to Section 301 for Securities of any series, an “Event of Default” means, whenever used
herein or in a Security issued hereunder with respect to Securities of any series, any one of the following events (whatever the reason for
such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree
or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):
(1) the Company defaults in the payment of any installment of interest on any Security of such series for 30 days after becoming
due;
20
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 25/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(2) the Company defaults in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on any Security of such series when the same
becomes due and payable at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption, upon declaration or otherwise;
(3) the Company defaults in the performance of, or breaches any of its covenants and agreements in respect of any Security of
such series contained in this Indenture or in the Securities of such series (other than a covenant or agreement, a default in the
performance of which or a breach of which is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with or that has expressly been included in this
Indenture solely for the benefit of a series of Securities other than that series), and such default or breach continues for a period of 90
days after the notice specified below;
(4) the Company, pursuant to or within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Law (as defined below):
(A) commences a voluntary case or proceeding;
(B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case or proceeding;
(C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian (as defined below) of it or for all or substantially all of its property;
(D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors;
(E) files a petition in bankruptcy or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief;
(F) consents to the filing of such petition or the appointment of or taking possession by a Custodian; or
(G) takes any comparable action under any foreign laws relating to insolvency;
(5) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that:
(A) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, or adjudicates the Company insolvent or bankrupt;
(B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of the property of the Company; or
(C) orders the winding-up or liquidation of the Company (or any similar relief is granted under any foreign laws)
and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 90 consecutive days; or
(6) any other Event of Default provided with respect to Securities of such series occurs.
The term “Bankruptcy Law” means Title 11, United States Code, or any similar federal or state or foreign law for the relief of debtors.
The term “Custodian” means any custodian, receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or other similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.
A Default with respect to Securities of any series under clause (3) of this Section 501 shall not be an Event of Default until the Trustee
(by written notice to the Company) or the Holders of at least 33% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Securities of such series
(by written notice to the Company and the Trustee) gives notice of the Default and the Company does not cure such Default within the time
specified in clause (3) after receipt of such notice. Such notice must specify the Default, demand that it be remedied and state that such
notice is a “Notice of Default.”
Section 502. Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.
If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series at the time Outstanding (other than an Event of Default specified in
Section 501 (4) or (5) with respect to the Company) occurs and is continuing, then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less
than 33% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series may declare the principal amount of all the Securities of
such series (or, if any Securities of that series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount of such Securities
as may be specified by the terms thereof), together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, to be due and payable immediately, by a
notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration, such principal amount (or specified
amount), together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified
in Section 501(4) or (5) with respect to the Securities of any series at the time Outstanding occurs, the principal amount of all the Securities of
such series (or, in the case of any Security of such series which specifies an amount to be due and payable thereon upon acceleration of the
Maturity thereof, such amount as maybe specified by the terms thereof), together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall
automatically, and without any declaration or other action on the part of the Trustee or any Holder, become immediately due and payable.
Upon payment of such amount, all obligations of the Company in respect of the payment of principal and interest of the Securities of such
series shall terminate.
21
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 26/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Except as may otherwise be provided pursuant to Section 301 for all or any specific Securities of any series, at any time after such a
declaration of acceleration with respect to the Securities of any series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the
money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article V provided, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the Outstanding Securities of such series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and
its consequences if:
(1) the Company has paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay:
(A) all overdue interest on all Securities of such series,
(B) the principal of and premium, if any, on any Securities of such series which have become due otherwise than by such
declaration of acceleration and any interest thereon at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in the Securities of such series,
(C) to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in
such Securities, and
(D) all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and
advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel; and
(2) all Events of Default with respect to Securities of such series, other than the non-payment of the principal of Securities of such
series which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 512.
No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon.
Section 503. Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee.
The Company covenants that if (1) default is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due and
payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days or (2) default is made in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on any
Security at the Maturity thereof, the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the
whole amount then due and payable on such Securities for principal and premium, if any, and interest and, to the extent that payment of such
interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal and premium and on any overdue interest, at the rate or rates
prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of
collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.
If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to
protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee
shall deem necessary to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this
Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.
22
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 27/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 504. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.
In case of any judicial proceeding relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), its property or its creditors, the
Trustee shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, to take any and all actions authorized under the
Trust Indenture Act in order to have claims of the Holders and the Trustee allowed in any such proceeding. In particular, the Trustee shall be
authorized to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any
custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by
each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to
the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it and any predecessor Trustee under Section 607.
No provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any
Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to
authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding; provided, however, that the Trustee may, on behalf
of the Holders, vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar official and be a member of a creditors’ or other similar committee.
Section 505. Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities.
All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the
possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the
Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of
the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, any predecessor Trustee under Section 607, its agents
and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.
Section 506. Application of Money Collected.
Any money collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article V shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the
Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money on account of principal or premium, if any, or interest, upon presentation of the
Securities and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid:
FIRST: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee under Section 607;
SECOND: To the payment of the amounts then due and unpaid for principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Securities
in respect of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind (other
than contractual subordination agreements pursuant to the Indenture), according to the amounts due and payable on such Securities for
principal and premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and
THIRD: To the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company.
Section 507. Limitation on Suits.
No Holder of any Security of any series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this
Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator or sequestrator (or similar official) or for any other remedy
hereunder, unless:
(1) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of
such series;
(2) the Holders of not less than 33% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall have made
written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;
(3) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and
liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request;
(4) the Trustee has failed to institute any such proceeding for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity;
and
(5) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series;
23
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 28/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
it being understood and intended that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing
of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority
or preference over any other of such Holders (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or
not such actions are unduly prejudicial to such Holders) or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and
for the equal and ratable benefit of all of such Holders.
Section 508. Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest and to Convert Securities.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and
unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and, subject to Section 307, interest on such Security on the
respective Stated Maturities expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption or repayment, on the Redemption Date or date for
repayment, as the case maybe, and, if the terms of such Security so provide, to convert such Security in accordance with its terms) and to
institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and, if applicable, any such right to convert, and such rights shall not be impaired
without the consent of such Holder.
Section 509. Rights and Remedies Cumulative.
Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in the last
paragraph of Section 306, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of
any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right
and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy
hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.
Section 510. Delay or Omission Not Waiver.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of
Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and
remedy given by this Article V or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed
expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.
Section 511. Control by Holders.
The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series shall have the right to
direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power
conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such series; provided that
(1) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and
(2) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction.
24
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 29/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 512. Waiver of Past Defaults.
The Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series may on behalf of the
Holders of all the Securities of such series waive any past default hereunder with respect to such series and its consequences, except a
default
(1) in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Security of such series, or
(2) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article IX cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the
Holder of each Outstanding Security of such series affected.
Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been
cured, for every purpose of this Indenture, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent
thereon.
Section 513. Undertaking for Costs.
In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken,
suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, a court may require any party litigant in such suit to file an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit
(including the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), and may assess reasonable costs against
any such party litigant, in the manner and to the extent provided in the Trust Indenture Act; provided that neither this Section 513 nor the Trust
Indenture Act shall be deemed to authorize any court to require such an undertaking or to make such an assessment in any suit instituted by
the Company or the Trustee, a suit by a Holder under Section 508, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in aggregate principal amount of the
Outstanding Securities.
Section 514. Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws.
The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner
whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any usury, stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in
force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby
expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power
herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.
Section 515. Restoration of Rights and Remedies.
If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has
been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such
case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively
to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such
proceeding had been instituted.
ARTICLE VI
THE TRUSTEE
Section 601. Certain Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee.
(1) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default with respect to any series of Securities,
(A) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture with
respect to the Securities of such series, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against
the Trustee with respect to such series; and
(B) in the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may rely with respect to the Securities of such series, as to the truth of
the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee
and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any
provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the
same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate
the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).
25
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 30/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(2) In case an Event of Default with respect to any series of Securities has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such
of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series, and use the same degree of
care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her
own affairs.
(3) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent
failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:
(A) this Section 601(3) shall not be construed to limit the effect of Section 601(1);
(B) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it shall be
proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;
(C) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with
the direction of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series,
determined as provided in Section 101, Section 104 and Section 511, relating to the time, method and place of conducting
any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under
this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series; and
(D) no provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial
liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have
reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not
reasonably assured to it.
(4) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or
affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section 601.
Section 602. Notice of Defaults.
If a Default or an Event of Default occurs with respect to Securities of any series and is continuing, the Trustee shall mail to each Holder
of Securities of such series notice of the Default within 90 days after written notice of it is received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee.
Except in the case of a Default in payment of principal of or interest on any Security, the Trustee may withhold the notice if and so long as a
committee of its Responsible Officers in good faith determines that withholding the notice is not opposed to the interests of Holders of
Securities of such series.
Section 603. Certain Rights of Trustee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 601:
(1) the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate,
statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of
indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party
or parties;
(2) if so requested by the Trustee, any request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a
Company Request or Company Order, and any resolution of the Board of Directors shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Board
Resolution;
(3) whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to
taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the
absence of bad faith on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officer’s Certificate;
(4) the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and
complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in
reliance thereon;
26
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 31/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(5) the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or
direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or
indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with
such request or direction;
(6) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or
other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters
as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the
books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the sole cost of the Company and shall incur
no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;
(7) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through
agents or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney
appointed with due care by it hereunder;
(8) the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be
indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder and to its agents;
(9) the Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it
to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture;
(10) in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or
damage and regardless of the form of action;
(11) in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising
out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents,
acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or
malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services (it being understood that the Trustee shall
use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to avoid and mitigate the effects of
such occurrences and to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances);
(12) the Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event of Default unless written notice of any event which is in fact
such a default shall have been received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and
such notice references the Securities and this Indenture; and
(13) The Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers
authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture.
Section 604. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities.
The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except the Trustee’s certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements
of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or
sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Securities. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of Securities
or the proceeds thereof.
27
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 32/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 605. May Hold Securities.
The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Security Registrar or any other agent of the Company, in its individual or any other capacity, may
become the owner or pledgee of Securities and, subject to Section 608 and Section 613, may otherwise deal with the Company with the same
rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other agent.
Section 606. Money Held in Trust.
Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which
they were received, but need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability
for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Company.
Section 607. Compensation and Reimbursement.
The Company agrees
(1) to pay to the Trustee from time to time such reasonable compensation as shall be agreed to in writing between the Company and
the Trustee for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to
the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);
(2) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses,
disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the
reasonable compensation and the reasonable expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense,
disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its own negligence or willful misconduct, and the Trustee shall provide the
Company reasonable notice of any expenditure not in the ordinary course of business; and
(3) to indemnify the Trustee for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense incurred without negligence or willful
misconduct on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the trust or trusts hereunder,
including the reasonable costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or
performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder.
The Trustee shall notify the Company promptly of any claim of which a Responsible Officer has received written notice for which it may
seek indemnity.
When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services in connection with an Event of Default specified in Section 501(4) or (5), the
expenses (including the reasonable charges and expenses of its counsel) and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute
expenses of administration under any applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law.
The Trustee shall have a lien prior to the Securities as to all property and funds held by it hereunder for any amount owing it or any
predecessor Trustee pursuant to this Section 607, except with respect to funds held in trust for the benefit of the Holders of Securities.
The provisions of this Section 607 shall survive the termination of this Indenture and the resignation or removal of the Trustee.
Section 608. Conflicting Interests.
If the Trustee has or shall acquire a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall either eliminate
such interest or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture Act and this
Indenture.
To the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have a conflicting interest by virtue of being a
trustee under this Indenture with respect to Securities of more than one series.
28
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 33/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 609. Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility.
There shall at all times be one (and only one) Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of each series, which may be Trustee
hereunder for Securities of one or more other series. Each Trustee shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act to act
as such, has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000 and has its Corporate Trust Office in the Borough of Manhattan, The City
of New York or any other major city in the United States that is acceptable to the Company. If any such Person publishes reports of condition
at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of its supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 609
and to the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined
capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent annual report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee with respect to the
Securities of any series shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 609, it shall resign immediately in the
manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article VI.
Section 610. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor.
No resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article VI shall become effective
until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 611.
The Trustee may resign at any time with respect to the Securities of one or more series by giving written notice thereof to the Company.
If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 611 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days
after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee, at the expense of the Company, may petition any court of competent
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.
The Trustee may be removed at any time with respect to the Securities of any series by Act of the Holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, upon written notice delivered to the Trustee and to the Company. If the
instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 611 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the
giving of such notice of removal, the Trustee being removed, at the expense of the Company, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction
for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.
If at any time:
(1) the Trustee shall fail to comply with Section 608 after written request therefor by the Company or by any Holder who has been a
bona fide Holder of a Security for at least six months, or
(2) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 609 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by
any such Holder, or
(3) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of its
property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the
purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,
then, in any such case, (A) the Company may remove the Trustee with respect to all Securities or (B) subject to Section 513, Holders of 10%
in aggregate principal amount of Securities of any series who have been bona fide Holders of such Securities for at least six months may, on
behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee with respect to
all Securities and the appointment of a successor Trustee or Trustees.
If the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause,
with respect to the Securities of one or more series, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee or Trustees with respect to the
Securities of that or those series (it being understood that any such successor Trustee may be appointed with respect to the Securities of one
or more or all of such series and that at any time there shall be only one Trustee with respect to the Securities of any particular series) and
shall comply with the applicable requirements of Section 611. If a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall be
appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series delivered to the
Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in
accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 611, become the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and
to that extent supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If no successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any
series shall have been so appointed by the Company or the Holders and accepted appointment in the manner required by Section 611,
Holders of 10% in aggregate principal amount of Securities of any series who have been bona fide Holders of Securities of such series for at
least six months may, on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.
29
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 34/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series and
each appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series to all Holders of Securities of such series in the manner
provided in Section 106. Each notice shall include the name of the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and the
address of its Corporate Trust Office.
Section 611. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor.
In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to all Securities, every such successor Trustee so appointed
shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to the retiring Trustee a written instrument accepting such appointment, and
thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed
or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee, but, on the request of the Company or
the successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges, execute and deliver a written instrument transferring to such
successor Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee
all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder.
In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the
Company, the retiring Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more series shall execute and deliver an
indenture supplemental hereto wherein each successor Trustee shall accept such appointment and which (1) shall contain such provisions as
shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, each successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of
the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates, (2) if the
retiring Trustee is not retiring with respect to all Securities, shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm
that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series as to which the retiring
Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the retiring Trustee, and (3) shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture
as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being understood that
nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall
be trustee of a trust or trusts hereunder separate and apart from any trust or trusts hereunder administered by any other such Trustee; and
upon the execution and delivery of such supplemental indenture the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective to
the extent provided therein and each such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the
rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such
successor Trustee relates; but, on request of the Company or any successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall duly assign, transfer and
deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of that or
those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates.
Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in
and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts referred to in the first or second preceding paragraph, as the case
may be.
No successor Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be qualified and
eligible under this Article VI.
Section 612. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business.
Any corporation into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting
from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all the
corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder; provided that such corporation shall be otherwise
qualified and eligible under this Article VI, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto.
In case any Securities shall have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion,
consolidation or sale to such authenticating Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Securities so authenticated with the same
effect as if such successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Securities; and in case at that time any Securities shall not have been
authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Securities either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the
name of the successor to the Trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Securities or
in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have.
30
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 35/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 613. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company.
If and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor of the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), the Trustee shall be
subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act regarding the collection of claims against the Company (or any such other obligor)
Section 614. Appointment of Authenticating Agent.
The Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent or Agents with respect to one or more series of Securities which shall be authorized to
act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of such series issued upon original issue and upon exchange, registration of transfer or
partial redemption thereof or pursuant to Section 306, and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and
shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the
authentication and delivery of Securities by the Trustee or the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to
include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf
of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Company and shall at all times be a
corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia,
authorized under such laws to act as Authenticating Agent, having a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and subject to
supervision or examination by federal or state authority. If such Authenticating Agent publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant
to law or to the requirements of said supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section 614, the combined capital and
surplus of such Authenticating Agent shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition
so published. If at any time an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 614, such
Authenticating Agent shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this Section 614.
Any corporation into which an Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any
corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation
succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate agency or corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent shall be the successor
Authenticating Agent hereunder, provided such corporation shall be otherwise eligible under this Section 614, without the execution or filing of
any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent.
An Authenticating Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at
any time terminate the agency of an Authenticating Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Company.
Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be
eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section 614, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be
acceptable to the Company and shall give notice of such appointment in the manner provided in Section 106 to all Holders of Securities of the
series with respect to which such Authenticating Agent will serve. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment
hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an
Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section 614.
31
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 36/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The Company agrees to pay to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this
Section 614.
If an appointment with respect to one or more series is made pursuant to this Section 614, the Securities of such series may have
endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form:
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
As Trustee
By:
,
As Authenticating Agent
By:
Authorized Officer
ARTICLE VII
HOLDERS’ LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE
AND COMPANY
Section 701. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders.
If the Trustee is not the Security Registrar, the Company shall cause the Security Registrar to furnish to the Trustee, in writing at least
five Business Days before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and
as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of Holders of Securities of each series.
Section 702. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders.
The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in the
most recent list furnished to the Trustee as provided in Section 701 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its
capacity as Security Registrar. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 701 upon receipt of a new list so
furnished.
The rights of Holders to communicate with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Securities, and the
corresponding rights and privileges of the Trustee, shall be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act.
Every Holder of Securities, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor
the Trustee nor any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by reason of any disclosure of information as to names and addresses
of Holders made pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act.
Section 703. Reports by Trustee.
Within 60 days after each May 15, beginning in 2019, the Trustee shall transmit to Holders such reports concerning the Trustee and its
actions under this Indenture as may be required pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Company a
copy of any report it delivers to Holders pursuant to this Section 703.
32
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 37/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
A copy of each such report shall, at the time of such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with each stock exchange and
automated quotation system, if any, upon which any Securities are listed, with the Commission and with the Company. The Company will
notify the Trustee when any Securities are listed on any stock exchange or automated quotation system or delisted therefrom.
Section 704. Reports by Company.
The Company shall file with the Trustee, and transmit to the Holders, such information, documents and other reports, and such
summaries thereof, as may be required pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the
Trustee is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the
reports, information and documents. All required reports, information and documents referred to in this Section 704 shall be deemed filed with
the Trustee and transmitted to the Holders at the time such reports, information or documents are publicly filed with the Commission via the
Commission’s EDGAR filing system (or any successor system). For purposes of clarification, the foregoing sentence does not impose on the
Trustee any duty to search for or obtain any electronic or other filings that the Company makes with the Commission, regardless of whether
such filings are periodic, supplemental or otherwise. The Trustee’s receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information
contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company’s compliance with any of its covenants
hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates).
ARTICLE VIII
CONSOLIDATION, MERGER
AND SALE OF ASSETS
Section 801. Company May Merge or Transfer Assets Only on Certain Terms.
The Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, transfer, lease or convey all or substantially all of its properties
and assets to, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, any other Person, unless:
(1) the Company shall be the continuing entity, or the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the “Successor”) shall be a Person (if
such Person is not a corporation, then the Successor shall include a corporate co-issuer of the Securities) organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and the Successor (if not the
Company) shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form
reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee, all the obligations of the Company under the Securities and this Indenture and, for each
Security that by its terms provides for conversion, shall have provided for the right to convert such Security in accordance with its
terms; and
(2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.
Section 802. Successor Corporation Substituted.
The Successor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Indenture,
with the same effect as if the Successor had been an original party to this Indenture, and the Company shall be released from all its liabilities
and obligations under this Indenture and the Securities.
33
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 38/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
ARTICLE IX
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES
Section 901. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders.
Without the consent of any Holders, the Company and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more
indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, for any of the following purposes:
(1) to add to the covenants for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (and if such covenants are to be for the
benefit of less than all series of Securities, stating that such covenants are expressly being included solely for the benefit of such
series) or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Company;
(2) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company, or successive successions, and the assumption by the successor
corporation of the covenants, agreements and obligations of the Company pursuant to Article VIII;
(3) to add any additional Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (and if such additional Events
of Default are to be for the benefit of less than all series of Securities, stating that such additional Events of Default are expressly
being included solely for the benefit of such series);
(4) to add one or more guarantees or co-obligors for the benefit of Holders of the Securities;
(5) to secure the Securities;
(6) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one
or more series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the
administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section 611;
(7) subject to any limitations established pursuant to Section 301, to provide for the issuance of additional Securities of any series;
(8) to establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Section 201 and Section 301;
(9) to comply with the rules of any applicable Depositary;
(10) to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance
of Securities in uncertificated form;
(11) to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of this Indenture in respect of one or more series of Securities; provided that
any such addition, change or elimination shall become effective only when there is no Outstanding Security of any series created
prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture that is entitled to the benefit of such provision and as to which such
supplemental indenture would apply;
(12) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision of this Indenture which may be defective or inconsistent with any
other provision herein;
(13) to change any other provision under this Indenture; provided that such action pursuant to this clause (13) shall not adversely affect
the interests of the Holders of Securities of any Outstanding series in any material respect;
(14) to supplement any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance
and discharge of any series of Securities pursuant to Section 401, Section 1302 and Section 1303; provided that any such action
shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of such series or any other series of Securities in any material
respect;
(15) to comply with the rules or regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the Securities
may be listed or traded; and
(16) to add to, change or eliminate any provision of this Indenture as shall be necessary or desirable in accordance with any
amendments to the Trust Indenture Act.
34
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 39/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 902. Supplemental Indentures With Consent of Holders.
With the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of each series
affected by such supplemental indenture (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange for Securities), by Act of
said Holders delivered to the Company and the Trustee, the Company and the Trustee may enter into an indenture or indentures
supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this
Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series under this Indenture; provided, however, no such
supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security of such series affected thereby:
(1) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any Security;
(2) reduce the principal amount of any Security or reduce the amount of the principal of an Original Issue Discount Security or any
other Security which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 502,
or reduce the rate of interest on any Security;
(3) reduce any premium payable upon the redemption of or change the date on which any Security may or must be redeemed (it
being understood that a change to any notice requirement with respect to such date shall not be deemed to be a change of such
date);
(4) change the coin or currency in which the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Security is payable;
(5) impair the right of any Holder to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity thereof (or, in
the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date);
(6) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, the consent of whose Holders is required
for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain
provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences) provided for in this Indenture;
(7) modify any of the provisions of this Section 902, Section 512 or Section 1005, except to increase any such percentage or to
provide that certain other provisions of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each
Outstanding Security affected thereby; provided, however, that this clause shall not be deemed to require the consent of any
Holder with respect to changes in the references to “the Trustee” and concomitant changes in this Section 902 and Section 1005,
or the deletion of this proviso, in accordance with the requirements of Section 611 and Section 901(6); or
(8) if the Securities of any series are convertible into or for any other securities or property of the Company, make any change that
adversely affects in any material respect the right to convert any Security of such series (except as permitted by Section 901) or
decrease the conversion rate or increase the conversion price of any such Security of such series, unless such decrease or
increase is permitted by the terms of such Security.
A supplemental indenture which changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which has expressly been
included solely for the benefit of one or more particular series of Securities, or which modifies the rights of the Holders of Securities of such
series with respect to such covenant or other provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of
Securities of any other series.
It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section 902 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental
indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.
After a supplemental indenture under this Section 902 becomes effective, the Company shall mail to the Trustee a notice briefly
describing such supplemental indenture or a copy of such supplemental indenture and the Trustee shall mail such notice or supplemental
indenture to Holders affected thereby. Any failure of the Company to mail such notice, or any defect therein, or any failure of the Company to
mail such supplemental indenture, shall not in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture.
35
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 40/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures.
In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article IX or the modifications
thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be provided with, and, subject to Section 601, shall be fully protected in
relying upon, an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or
permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture to the execution of such supplemental indenture, if any, have
been complied with. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustee’s
own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.
Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures.
Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article IX, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and
such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities theretofore or thereafter
authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.
Section 905. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act.
Every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article IX shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act.
Section 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures.
Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article IX may,
and shall if required by the Trustee, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental
indenture. If the Company shall so determine, new Securities of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the
Company, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the
Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Securities of such series.
ARTICLE X
COVENANTS
Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest.
The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and
premium, if any, and interest on the Securities of such series in accordance with the terms of the Securities and this Indenture. Principal and
interest shall be considered paid on the date due if, on or before 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such date, the Trustee or the Paying
Agent (or, if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the Paying Agent, the segregated account or separate trust fund maintained by the
Company or such Subsidiary pursuant to Section 1003) holds in accordance with this Indenture money sufficient to pay all principal and
interest then due.
The Company shall pay interest on overdue principal at the rate specified therefor in the Securities, and it shall pay interest on overdue
installments of interest at the same rate to the extent lawful as provided in Section 307.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Indenture, the Company or the Paying Agent may, to the extent it is required
to do so by law, deduct or withhold income or other similar taxes imposed by the United States of America or other domestic or foreign taxing
authorities from principal or interest payments hereunder.
Section 1002. Maintenance of Office or Agency.
The Company will maintain in each Place of Payment for any series of Securities an office or agency where Securities of such series
may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange,
where Securities may be surrendered for conversion, and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of
such series and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in
the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish
the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee; and such required office or agency in New York, New York shall be at an office of the Trustee located at 101 Barclay
Street, Floor 4W, New York, New York 10286, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration. The Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its
agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands.
36
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 41/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Securities of one or more series
may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided, however, that
no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in each Place of
Payment for Securities of any series for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or
rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.
With respect to any Global Security, and except as otherwise may be specified for such Global Security as contemplated by
Section 301, the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee shall be the Place of Payment where such Global Security may be presented or
surrendered for payment or for registration of transfer or exchange, or where successor Securities may be delivered in exchange therefor; and
such Place of Payment with respect to a Global Security in New York, New York shall be at an office of the Trustee located at 101 Barclay
Street, Floor 4W, New York, New York 10286, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration; provided, however, that any such payment,
presentation, surrender or delivery effected pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary for such Global Security shall be deemed
to have been effected at the Place of Payment for such Global Security in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture.
Section 1003. Money for Securities Payments to Be Held in Trust.
If the Company shall at any time act as its own Paying Agent with respect to any series of Securities, it will, on or before each due date
for the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any of the Securities of such series, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the
Holders of such Securities a sum sufficient to pay the principal and premium, if any, and interest so becoming due until such sums shall be
paid to such Holders or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.
Whenever the Company shall have one or more Paying Agents for any series of Securities, it will, no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York
City time) on each due date for the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Securities of such series, deposit with a Paying Agent a
sum sufficient to pay such amount, such sum to be held in trust for the Holders of such Securities entitled to the same, and (unless such
Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.
The Company will cause each Paying Agent for any series of Securities other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an
instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 1003, that such Paying Agent
shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the Trustee all money held by such Paying Agent for the payment of principal of or interest on
the Securities and shall notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Company in making any such payment.
The Company may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose,
pay, or by Company Order direct any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such
sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and,
upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such
money.
Subject to any applicable abandoned property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the
Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Security of any series and remaining unclaimed for
two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if
then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Security shall thereafter, as an unsecured general
creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money,
and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease.
37
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 42/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 1004. Statement by Officers as to Default.
The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date hereof
an Officer’s Certificate, stating whether or not, to the best knowledge of such officer, the Company is in default in the performance and
observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice
provided hereunder) and, if the Company shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof of which they may
have knowledge.
Section 1005. Waiver of Certain Covenants.
Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of such series, the Company may, with respect to the
Securities of any series, omit in any particular instance to comply with any term, provision or condition set forth in any covenant provided
pursuant to Section 301(21), Section 901(1) or Section 901(8) for the benefit of the Holders of such series, if before the time for such
compliance the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall, by Act of such
Holders, either waive such compliance in such instance or generally waive compliance with such term, provision or condition, but no such
waiver shall extend to or affect such term, provision or condition except to the extent so expressly waived, and, until such waiver shall become
effective, the obligations of the Company and the duties of the Trustee in respect of any such term, provision or condition shall remain in full
force and effect.
ARTICLE XI
REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
Section 1101. Applicability of Article.
Securities of any series which are redeemable before their Stated Maturity shall be redeemable in accordance with their terms and
(except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities) in accordance with this Article XI.
Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee.
The election of the Company to redeem any Securities shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution or an Officer’s Certificate or in another
manner specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities. In case of any redemption at the election of the Company of the
Securities of any series (including any such redemption affecting only a single Security), the Company shall, at least 45 days prior to the
Redemption Date fixed by the Company (unless a shorter notice shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), notify the Trustee of such Redemption
Date, of the principal amount of Securities of such series to be redeemed and, if applicable, of the tenor of the Securities to be redeemed. In
the case of any redemption of Securities (a) prior to the expiration of any restriction on such redemption provided in the terms of such
Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture, or (b) pursuant to an election of the Company which is subject to a condition specified in the terms
of such Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture, the Company shall furnish the Trustee with an Officer’s Certificate evidencing compliance
with such restriction or condition.
Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed.
If less than all the Securities of any series are to be redeemed (unless all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be
redeemed or unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than
60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities of such series not previously called for redemption, by lot or, in the
case of Global Securities, pursuant to applicable Depositary procedures; provided that the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of any
Security shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such Security. If less
than all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed (unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the
particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities
of such series and specified tenor not previously called for redemption in accordance with the preceding sentence.
38
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 43/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
If any Security selected for partial redemption is converted in part before termination of the conversion right with respect to the portion of
the Security so selected, the converted portion of such Security shall be deemed (so far as may be) to be the portion selected for redemption.
Securities which have been converted during a selection of securities to be redeemed shall be treated by the Trustee as Outstanding for the
purpose of such selection.
The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the Securities selected for redemption as aforesaid and, in case of any
Securities selected for partial redemption as aforesaid, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed.
The provisions of the three preceding paragraphs shall not apply with respect to any redemption affecting only a single Security, whether
such Security is to be redeemed in whole or in part. In the case of any such redemption in part, the unredeemed portion of the principal
amount of the Security shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such
Security.
For all purposes of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Securities shall
relate, in the case of any Securities redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of such Securities which
has been or is to be redeemed. If the Company shall so direct, Securities registered in the name of the Company, any Affiliate or any
Subsidiary thereof shall not be included in the Securities selected for redemption.
Section 1104. Notice of Redemption.
Notice of redemption shall be given by first-class mail, postage prepaid, mailed or otherwise in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date (or within such period as otherwise specified as
contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of a series), to each Holder of Securities to be redeemed, at such Holder’s address appearing in
the Security Register.
All notices of redemption shall identify the Securities to be redeemed and shall state:
(1) the Redemption Date;
(2) the Redemption Price (or the method of calculating such price);
(3) if less than all the Outstanding Securities of any series consisting of more than a single Security are to be redeemed, the
identification (and, in the case of partial redemption of any such Securities, the principal amounts) of the particular Securities to be
redeemed and, if less than all the Outstanding Securities of any series consisting of a single Security are to be redeemed, the
principal amount of the particular Security to be redeemed;
(4) that on the Redemption Date the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each such Security to be redeemed and, if
applicable, that interest thereon will cease to accrue on and after said date;
(5) the place or places where each such Security is to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price;
(6) for any Securities that by their terms may be converted, the terms of conversion, the date on which the right to convert the Security
to be redeemed will terminate and the place or places where such Securities may be surrendered for conversion;
(7) that the redemption is for a sinking fund, if such is the case; and
(8) if applicable, the CUSIP numbers of the Securities of such series; provided, however, that no representation will be made as to the
correctness or accuracy of the CUSIP number, or any similar number, if any, listed in such notice or printed on the Securities.
39
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 44/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Notice of redemption of Securities to be redeemed at the election of the Company shall be given by the Company or, at the Company’s
request (which may be rescinded or revoked at any time prior to the time at which the Trustee shall have given such notice to the Holders), by
the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company. The notice, if sent in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively
presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or otherwise in
accordance with the Applicable Procedures or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Security designated for redemption as a whole or
in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Securities.
Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price.
By no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying
Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 1003) an amount of money
sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date or the Securities of the
series provide otherwise) accrued interest on, all the Securities which are to be redeemed on that date, other than Securities or portions of
Securities called for redemption which are owned by the Company or a Subsidiary and have been delivered by the Company or such
Subsidiary to the Trustee for cancellation. All money, if any, earned on funds held by the Paying Agent shall be remitted to the Company. In
addition, the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Paying Agent by the Company in excess of the
amounts necessary to pay the Redemption Price of, and accrued interest, if any, on, all Securities to be redeemed.
If any Security called for redemption is converted, any money deposited with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent or so segregated and
held in trust for the redemption of such Security shall (subject to any right of the Holder of such Security or any Predecessor Security to
receive interest as provided in the last paragraph of Section 307 or in the terms of such Security) be paid to the Company upon Company
Request or, if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust.
Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date.
Notice of redemption having been given as aforesaid, the Securities so to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption Date, become due
and payable at the Redemption Price therein specified, and from and after such date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the
Redemption Price and accrued interest) such Securities shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for redemption in
accordance with said notice, such Security shall be paid by the Company at the Redemption Price, together, if applicable, with accrued
interest to the Redemption Date; provided, however, that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, installments of interest
whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor
Securities, registered as such at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates according to their terms and the provisions of
Section 307; provided further that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, if the Redemption Date is after a Regular
Record Date and on or prior to the Interest Payment Date, the accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable to the Holder of the redeemed
Securities registered on the relevant Regular Record Date.
If any Security called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal and premium, if any, shall,
until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date at the rate prescribed therefor in the Security.
Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part.
Any Security which is to be redeemed only in part shall be surrendered at a Place of Payment therefor (with, if the Company or the
Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly
executed by, the Holder thereof or such Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing), and the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Security without service charge, a new Security or Securities of the same series and of like
tenor, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder, in principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion
of the principal of the Security so surrendered.
40
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 45/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
ARTICLE XII
SINKING FUNDS
Section 1201. Applicability of Article.
The provisions of this Article XII shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of any series except as otherwise
specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities.
The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of any series of Securities is herein referred to as a
“mandatory sinking fund payment,” and any payment in excess of such minimum amount provided for by the terms of such Securities is
herein referred to as an “optional sinking fund payment.” If provided for by the terms of any series of Securities, the cash amount of any
sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 1202. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption
of Securities of the series as provided for by the terms of such Securities.
Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities.
The Company (1) may deliver Outstanding Securities of a series (other than any previously called for redemption) and (2) may apply as
a credit Securities of a series which have been redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Securities or
through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments pursuant to the terms of such Securities, in each case in satisfaction of all
or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to any Securities of such series required to be made pursuant to the terms of such
Securities as and to the extent provided for by the terms of such Securities; provided that the Securities to be so credited have not been
previously so credited. The Securities to be so credited shall be received and credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the Redemption
Price, as specified in the Securities so to be redeemed, for redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking
fund payment shall be reduced accordingly.
Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund.
Not less than 60 days (or such shorter period as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee) prior to each sinking fund payment date for any
Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing sinking fund payment for
such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion
thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting Securities pursuant to Section 1202 and will also deliver to the Trustee any
Securities to be so delivered. Not less than 30 days prior to each such sinking fund payment date, the Securities to be redeemed upon such
sinking fund payment date shall be selected in the manner specified in Section 1103 and the Company shall cause notice of the redemption
thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided in Section 1104. Such notice having been duly
given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Section 1106 and Section 1107.
ARTICLE XIII
DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE
Section 1301. Company’s Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
Unless otherwise provided as contemplated by Section 301, Section 1302 and Section 1303 shall apply to all Securities or each series
of Securities, as the case may be, in either case, denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate, in accordance with any
applicable requirements provided pursuant to Section 301 and upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article XIII; and the
Company may elect, at its option at any time, to have Section 1302 and Section 1303 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as
the case may be, pursuant to such Section 1302 or Section 1303, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided pursuant to
Section 301 and upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article XIII. Any such election to have or not to have Section 1302
and Section 1303 apply, as the case may be, shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or in another manner specified as
contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities.
41
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 46/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 1302. Defeasance and Discharge.
Upon the Company’s exercise of its option, if any, to have this Section 1302 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the
case may be, or if this Section 1302 shall otherwise apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the Company
shall be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to such Securities as provided in this Section 1302 on and after the
date the conditions set forth in Section 1304 are satisfied (hereinafter called “Defeasance”). For this purpose, such Defeasance means that
the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by such Securities and to have satisfied all
its other obligations under such Securities and this Indenture insofar as such Securities are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the
Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), subject to the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated
or discharged hereunder: (1) the rights of Holders of such Securities to receive, solely from the trust fund described in Section 1304 and as
more fully set forth in such Section 1305, payments in respect of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on such Securities when
payments are due, (2) the Company’s obligations with respect to such Securities under Section 304, Section 305, Section 306, Section 1002
and Section 1003, (3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder and (4) this Article XIII. Subject to compliance
with this Article XIII, the Company may exercise its option, if any, to have this Section 1302 applied to the Securities of any series
notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option, if any, to have Section 1303 applied to such Securities.
Section 1303. Covenant Defeasance.
Upon the Company’s exercise of its option, if any, to have this Section 1303 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the
case may be, or if this Section 1303 shall otherwise apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, (1) the Company
shall be released from its obligations under any covenants provided pursuant to Section 301(21), Section 901(1) or Section 901(8) for the
benefit of the Holders of such Securities and (2) the occurrence of any event specified in Section 501(3) and Section 501(6) shall be deemed
not to be or result in an Event of Default, in each case with respect to such Securities as provided in this Section 1303 on and after the date
the conditions set forth in Section 1304 are satisfied (hereinafter called “Covenant Defeasance”). For this purpose, such Covenant
Defeasance means that, with respect to such Securities, the Company may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any
term, condition or limitation set forth in any such specified Section, whether directly or indirectly by reason of any reference elsewhere herein
to any such Section or by reason of any reference in any such Section to any other provision herein or in any other document, but the
remainder of this Indenture and such Securities shall be unaffected thereby.
Section 1304. Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
The following shall be the conditions to the application of Section 1302 or Section 1303 to any Securities or any series of Securities, as
the case may be:
(1) The Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or another trustee which satisfies the
requirements contemplated by Section 609 and agrees to comply with the provisions of this Article XIII applicable to it) as trust
funds in trust for the purpose of making the following payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the
benefits of the Holders of such Securities, (A) money in an amount, or (B) U.S. Government Obligations which through the
scheduled payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount, or
(C) a combination thereof, in each case sufficient, in the opinion of an independent public accountant or financial advisor
expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge, and which shall be applied by the
Trustee (or any such other qualifying trustee) to pay and discharge, the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on such
Securities on the respective Stated Maturities, in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and such Securities. As used herein,
“U.S. Government Obligation” means (x) any security which is (i) a direct obligation of the United States of America for the
payment of which the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged or (ii) an obligation of a Person controlled or
supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the payment of which is unconditionally
guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, which, in either case (i) or (ii), is not callable or
redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) any depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the
Securities Act) as custodian with respect to any U.S. Government Obligation which is specified in clause (x) above and held by
such bank for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt, or with respect to any specific payment of principal of or interest
on any U.S. Government Obligation which is so specified and held; provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not
authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by
the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation or the specific payment of principal or interest evidenced by such
depositary receipt.
42
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 47/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
(2) In the event of an election to have Section 1302 apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that (A) the Company has received from, or there has
been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (B) since the date of this Indenture, there has been a change in the
applicable Federal income tax law, in either case (A) or (B) to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that,
the Holders of such Securities will not recognize gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit,
Defeasance and discharge to be effected with respect to such Securities and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same
amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would be the case if such deposit, Defeasance and discharge were not to
occur.
(3) In the event of an election to have Section 1303 apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the
Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of such Securities will not
recognize gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and Covenant Defeasance to be effected with
respect to such Securities and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same
times as would be the case if such deposit and Covenant Defeasance were not to occur.
(4) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate to the effect that neither such Securities nor any other
Securities of the same series, if then listed on any securities exchange, will be delisted as a result of such deposit.
(5) No Default or Event of Default with respect to such Securities or any other Securities shall have occurred and be continuing at the
time of such deposit or, insofar as Sections 501(4) or 501(5) are concerned, at any time on or prior to the 90th day after the date of
such deposit (it being understood that this condition shall not be deemed satisfied until after such 90th day).
(6) Such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any other
material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.
(7) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all
conditions precedent with respect to such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance have been complied with (in each case, subject to
the satisfaction of the condition in clause (5)).
Before or after a deposit, the Company may make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the redemption of Securities at a future
date in accordance with Article XI.
Section 1305. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in Trust; Miscellaneous Provisions.
Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 1003, all money and U.S. Government Obligations (including the proceeds
thereof) deposited with the Trustee or other qualifying trustee (solely for purposes of this Section 1305 and Section 1306, the Trustee and any
such other trustee are referred to collectively as the “Trustee”) pursuant to Section 1304 in respect of any Securities shall be held in trust and
applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any
such Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Securities,
of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal and premium, if any, and interest, but money so held in trust need not be
segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.
43
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 48/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the U.S.
Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 1304 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax,
fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of Outstanding Securities; provided that the Trustee shall be entitled to
charge any such tax, fee or other charge to such Holder’s account.
Anything in this Article XIII to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon
Company Request any money or U.S. Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 1304 with respect to any Securities which are
in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect the Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, as the case
may be, with respect to such Securities.
Section 1306. Reinstatement.
If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money in accordance with this Article XIII with respect to any Securities by
reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then
the obligations under this Indenture and such Securities from which the Company has been discharged or released pursuant to Section 1302
or Section 1303 shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article XIII with respect to such Securities,
until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all money held in trust pursuant to Section 1305 with respect to such
Securities in accordance with this Article XIII; provided, however, that (a) if the Company makes any payment of principal of or premium, if
any, or interest on any such Security following such reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights, if any, of
the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money so held in trust and (b) unless otherwise required by any legal
proceeding or any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority, the Trustee or Paying Agent shall return all such money and U.S.
Government Obligations to the Company promptly after receiving a written request therefor at any time, if such reinstatement of the
Company’s obligations has occurred and continues to be in effect.
ARTICLE XIV
REPAYMENT AT THE OPTION OF HOLDERS
Section 1401. Applicability of Article.
Repayment of Securities of any series before their Stated Maturity at the option of Holders thereof shall be made in accordance with the
terms of such Securities and (except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of any series) in accordance with
this Article XIV.
Section 1402. Repayment of Securities.
Securities of any series subject to repayment in whole or in part at the option of the Holders thereof will, unless otherwise provided in the
terms of such Securities, be repaid at a price equal to the principal amount thereof and premium, if any, thereon, together with interest thereon
accrued to the Repayment Date specified in or pursuant to the terms of such Securities. The Company covenants that on or before the
Repayment Date it will deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and
hold in trust as provided in Section 1003) an amount of money sufficient to pay the principal (or, if so provided by the terms of the Securities of
any series, a percentage of the principal) of, the premium, if any, and (except if the Repayment Date shall be an Interest Payment Date)
accrued interest on, all the Securities or portions thereof, as the case may be, to be repaid on such date.
44
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 49/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 1403. Exercise of Option.
Securities of any series subject to repayment at the option of the Holders thereof will contain an “Option to Elect Repayment” form on
the reverse of such Securities. To be repaid at the option of the Holder, any Security so providing for such repayment, with the “Option to Elect
Repayment” form on the reverse of such Security duly completed by the Holder (or by the Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing), must
be received by the Company at the Place of Payment therefor specified in the terms of such Security (or at such other place or places of
which the Company shall from time to time notify the Holders of such Securities) not earlier than 45 days nor later than 30 days prior to the
Repayment Date. If less than the entire principal amount of such Security is to be repaid in accordance with the terms of such Security, the
principal amount of such Security to be repaid, in increments of the minimum denomination for Securities of such series, and the
denomination or denominations of the Security or Securities to be issued to the Holder for the portion of the principal amount of such Security
surrendered that is not to be repaid, must be specified. The principal amount of any Security providing for repayment at the option of the
Holder thereof may not be repaid in part if, following such repayment, the unpaid principal amount of such Security would be less than the
minimum authorized denomination of Securities of the series of which such Security to be repaid is a part. Except as otherwise may be
provided by the terms of any Security providing for repayment at the option of the Holder thereof, exercise of the repayment option by the
Holder shall be irrevocable unless waived by the Company.
Section 1404. When Securities Presented for Repayment Become Due and Payable.
If Securities of any series providing for repayment at the option of the Holders thereof shall have been surrendered as provided in this
Article XIV and as provided by or pursuant to the terms of such Securities, such Securities or the portions thereof, as the case may be, to be
repaid shall become due and payable and shall be paid by the Company on the Repayment Date therein specified, and on and after such
Repayment Date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of such Securities on such Repayment Date) such Securities shall, if the
same were interest-bearing, cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for repayment in accordance with such provisions,
the principal amount of such Security so to be repaid shall be paid by the Company, together with accrued interest and/or premium, if any, to
(but excluding) the Repayment Date; provided, however, that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, installments of
interest, if any, whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Repayment Date shall be payable (but without interest thereon, unless the
Company shall default in the payment thereof) to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, registered as such at
the close of business on the relevant Record Dates according to their terms and the provisions of Section 307.
If the principal amount of any Security surrendered for repayment shall not be so repaid upon surrender thereof, such principal amount
(together with interest, if any, thereon accrued to such Repayment Date) and any premium shall, until paid, bear interest from the Repayment
Date at the rate of interest or yield to maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) set forth in such Security.
Section 1405. Securities Repaid in Part.
Upon surrender of any Security which is to be repaid in part only, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver to the Holder of such Security, without service charge and at the expense of the Company, a new Security or Securities of the same
series, of any authorized denomination specified by the Holder, in a principal amount equal to and in exchange for the portion of the principal
of such Security so surrendered which is not to be repaid.
* * *
This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all
such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
[Signature page follows]
45
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 50/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the day and year first above
written.
APPLE INC.
By: /s/ Luca Maestri
Name: Luca Maestri
Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST
COMPANY, N.A.,
as Trustee
By: /s/ R. Tarnas
Name: R. Tarnas
Title: Vice President
[Signature Page to Indenture]
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 51/51
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
