6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Notice of redemption of Securities to be redeemed at the election of the Company shall be given by the Company or, at the Company’s
request (which may be rescinded or revoked at any time prior to the time at which the Trustee shall have given such notice to the Holders), by
the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company. The notice, if sent in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively
presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or otherwise in
accordance with the Applicable Procedures or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Security designated for redemption as a whole or
in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Securities.
Section 1105. Deposit of Redemption Price.
By no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying
Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 1003) an amount of money
sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date or the Securities of the
series provide otherwise) accrued interest on, all the Securities which are to be redeemed on that date, other than Securities or portions of
Securities called for redemption which are owned by the Company or a Subsidiary and have been delivered by the Company or such
Subsidiary to the Trustee for cancellation. All money, if any, earned on funds held by the Paying Agent shall be remitted to the Company. In
addition, the Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Company any money deposited with the Paying Agent by the Company in excess of the
amounts necessary to pay the Redemption Price of, and accrued interest, if any, on, all Securities to be redeemed.
If any Security called for redemption is converted, any money deposited with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent or so segregated and
held in trust for the redemption of such Security shall (subject to any right of the Holder of such Security or any Predecessor Security to
receive interest as provided in the last paragraph of Section 307 or in the terms of such Security) be paid to the Company upon Company
Request or, if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust.
Section 1106. Securities Payable on Redemption Date.
Notice of redemption having been given as aforesaid, the Securities so to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption Date, become due
and payable at the Redemption Price therein specified, and from and after such date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the
Redemption Price and accrued interest) such Securities shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for redemption in
accordance with said notice, such Security shall be paid by the Company at the Redemption Price, together, if applicable, with accrued
interest to the Redemption Date; provided, however, that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, installments of interest
whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor
Securities, registered as such at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates according to their terms and the provisions of
Section 307; provided further that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, if the Redemption Date is after a Regular
Record Date and on or prior to the Interest Payment Date, the accrued and unpaid interest shall be payable to the Holder of the redeemed
Securities registered on the relevant Regular Record Date.
If any Security called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal and premium, if any, shall,
until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date at the rate prescribed therefor in the Security.
Section 1107. Securities Redeemed in Part.
Any Security which is to be redeemed only in part shall be surrendered at a Place of Payment therefor (with, if the Company or the
Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly
executed by, the Holder thereof or such Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing), and the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall
authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Security without service charge, a new Security or Securities of the same series and of like
tenor, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder, in principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion
of the principal of the Security so surrendered.
40
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 45/51