6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
“Act,” when used with respect to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 104.
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct
or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified
Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
“Applicable Procedures” means, with respect to a Depositary, as to any matter at any time, the policies and procedures of such
Depositary, if any, that are applicable to such matter at such time.
“Authenticating Agent” means any Person authorized by the Trustee pursuant to Section 614 to act on behalf of the Trustee to
authenticate Securities of one or more series.
“Bankruptcy Law” has the meaning specified in Section 501.
“Board of Directors” means either the Board of Directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee of that Board of Directors.
“Board Resolution” means a copy of one or more resolutions certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to
have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification and delivered to the
Trustee.
“Business Day” means, when used with respect to any Place of Payment, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301,
any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, which is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law or executive
order to close in that Place of Payment.
“Commission” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or,
if at any time after the execution of this Indenture such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the
Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties at such time.
“Company” means the Person named as the “Company” in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor Person shall have
become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Company” shall mean such successor Person.
“Company Request” or “Company Order” means a written request or order signed in the name of the Company by an Officer of the
Company (or any Person designated in writing by an Officer of the Company as authorized to execute and deliver Company Requests and
Company Orders), and delivered to the Trustee.
“Corporate Trust Office” means the principal office of the Trustee at which, at any particular time, its corporate trust business shall be
conducted (which office is located as of the date of this Indenture at The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., 400 South Hope
Street, Suite 500, Los Angeles, California 90071, Attention: Corporate Trust Unit, or at any other time at such other address as the Trustee
may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders).
“Covenant Defeasance” has the meaning specified in Section 1303.
“Custodian” has the meaning specified in Section 501.
“Default” means any event which is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default.
“Defaulted Interest” has the meaning specified in Section 307.
2
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 7/51