6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
The Company agrees to pay to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this
Section 614.
If an appointment with respect to one or more series is made pursuant to this Section 614, the Securities of such series may have
endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustee’s certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form:
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.,
As Trustee
By:
,
As Authenticating Agent
By:
Authorized Officer
ARTICLE VII
HOLDERS’ LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE
AND COMPANY
Section 701. Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders.
If the Trustee is not the Security Registrar, the Company shall cause the Security Registrar to furnish to the Trustee, in writing at least
five Business Days before each Interest Payment Date and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and
as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of Holders of Securities of each series.
Section 702. Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders.
The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in the
most recent list furnished to the Trustee as provided in Section 701 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its
capacity as Security Registrar. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 701 upon receipt of a new list so
furnished.
The rights of Holders to communicate with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Securities, and the
corresponding rights and privileges of the Trustee, shall be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act.
Every Holder of Securities, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor
the Trustee nor any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by reason of any disclosure of information as to names and addresses
of Holders made pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act.
Section 703. Reports by Trustee.
Within 60 days after each May 15, beginning in 2019, the Trustee shall transmit to Holders such reports concerning the Trustee and its
actions under this Indenture as may be required pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Company a
copy of any report it delivers to Holders pursuant to this Section 703.
32
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 37/51