6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Where this Indenture provides for notice of any event to a Holder of a Global Security, such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to
the Depositary for such Security (or its designee), pursuant to the Applicable Procedures of the Depositary, not later than the latest date, if
any, and not earlier than the earliest date, if any, prescribed for the giving of such notice.
Section 107. Conflict with Trust Indenture Act.
If any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with a provision of the Trust Indenture Act which is required under such Act
to be a part of and govern this Indenture, the latter provision shall control. If any provision of this Indenture modifies or excludes any provision
of the Trust Indenture Act which may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Indenture as so modified
or to be excluded, as the case may be.
Section 108. Effect of Headings and Table of Contents.
The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Section 109. Successors and Assigns.
All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. All
agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.
Section 110. Separability Clause.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Section 111. Benefits of Indenture.
Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their
successors hereunder and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.
Section 112. Governing Law.
This Indenture and the Securities shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
Section 113. Legal Holidays.
In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date, Repayment Date or Stated Maturity of any Security, or any date on
which a Holder has the right to convert such Holder’s Security, shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment, then (notwithstanding
any other provision of this Indenture or of the Securities (other than a provision of any Security which specifically states that such provision
shall apply in lieu of this Section 113)) payment of principal and premium, if any, or interest, or the Redemption Price or conversion of such
Security, shall not be made at such Place of Payment on such date, but shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of
Payment with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Repayment Date, or at the Stated
Maturity, or on such conversion date. In the case, however, of Securities of a series bearing interest at a floating rate based on the London
interbank offered rate (LIBOR), if any Interest Payment Date (other than the Redemption Date, Repayment Date or Stated Maturity) would
otherwise be a date that is not a Business Day, then the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the following date which is a Business
Day, unless that Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date will be the Business Day
immediately preceding the scheduled Interest Payment Date. No interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such Interest Payment
Date, Redemption Date, Repayment Date, Stated Maturity or conversion date, as the case may be, to the date of such payment.
9
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 14/51