6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
ARTICLE XII
SINKING FUNDS
Section 1201. Applicability of Article.
The provisions of this Article XII shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of any series except as otherwise
specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities.
The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of any series of Securities is herein referred to as a
“mandatory sinking fund payment,” and any payment in excess of such minimum amount provided for by the terms of such Securities is
herein referred to as an “optional sinking fund payment.” If provided for by the terms of any series of Securities, the cash amount of any
sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 1202. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption
of Securities of the series as provided for by the terms of such Securities.
Section 1202. Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities.
The Company (1) may deliver Outstanding Securities of a series (other than any previously called for redemption) and (2) may apply as
a credit Securities of a series which have been redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Securities or
through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments pursuant to the terms of such Securities, in each case in satisfaction of all
or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to any Securities of such series required to be made pursuant to the terms of such
Securities as and to the extent provided for by the terms of such Securities; provided that the Securities to be so credited have not been
previously so credited. The Securities to be so credited shall be received and credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the Redemption
Price, as specified in the Securities so to be redeemed, for redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking
fund payment shall be reduced accordingly.
Section 1203. Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund.
Not less than 60 days (or such shorter period as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee) prior to each sinking fund payment date for any
Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing sinking fund payment for
such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion
thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting Securities pursuant to Section 1202 and will also deliver to the Trustee any
Securities to be so delivered. Not less than 30 days prior to each such sinking fund payment date, the Securities to be redeemed upon such
sinking fund payment date shall be selected in the manner specified in Section 1103 and the Company shall cause notice of the redemption
thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided in Section 1104. Such notice having been duly
given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Section 1106 and Section 1107.
ARTICLE XIII
DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE
Section 1301. Company’s Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
Unless otherwise provided as contemplated by Section 301, Section 1302 and Section 1303 shall apply to all Securities or each series
of Securities, as the case may be, in either case, denominated in U.S. dollars and bearing interest at a fixed rate, in accordance with any
applicable requirements provided pursuant to Section 301 and upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article XIII; and the
Company may elect, at its option at any time, to have Section 1302 and Section 1303 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as
the case may be, pursuant to such Section 1302 or Section 1303, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided pursuant to
Section 301 and upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article XIII. Any such election to have or not to have Section 1302
and Section 1303 apply, as the case may be, shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution, Officer’s Certificate or in another manner specified as
contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities.
41
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 46/51