6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 1403. Exercise of Option.
Securities of any series subject to repayment at the option of the Holders thereof will contain an “Option to Elect Repayment” form on
the reverse of such Securities. To be repaid at the option of the Holder, any Security so providing for such repayment, with the “Option to Elect
Repayment” form on the reverse of such Security duly completed by the Holder (or by the Holder’s attorney duly authorized in writing), must
be received by the Company at the Place of Payment therefor specified in the terms of such Security (or at such other place or places of
which the Company shall from time to time notify the Holders of such Securities) not earlier than 45 days nor later than 30 days prior to the
Repayment Date. If less than the entire principal amount of such Security is to be repaid in accordance with the terms of such Security, the
principal amount of such Security to be repaid, in increments of the minimum denomination for Securities of such series, and the
denomination or denominations of the Security or Securities to be issued to the Holder for the portion of the principal amount of such Security
surrendered that is not to be repaid, must be specified. The principal amount of any Security providing for repayment at the option of the
Holder thereof may not be repaid in part if, following such repayment, the unpaid principal amount of such Security would be less than the
minimum authorized denomination of Securities of the series of which such Security to be repaid is a part. Except as otherwise may be
provided by the terms of any Security providing for repayment at the option of the Holder thereof, exercise of the repayment option by the
Holder shall be irrevocable unless waived by the Company.
Section 1404. When Securities Presented for Repayment Become Due and Payable.
If Securities of any series providing for repayment at the option of the Holders thereof shall have been surrendered as provided in this
Article XIV and as provided by or pursuant to the terms of such Securities, such Securities or the portions thereof, as the case may be, to be
repaid shall become due and payable and shall be paid by the Company on the Repayment Date therein specified, and on and after such
Repayment Date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of such Securities on such Repayment Date) such Securities shall, if the
same were interest-bearing, cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for repayment in accordance with such provisions,
the principal amount of such Security so to be repaid shall be paid by the Company, together with accrued interest and/or premium, if any, to
(but excluding) the Repayment Date; provided, however, that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301, installments of
interest, if any, whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Repayment Date shall be payable (but without interest thereon, unless the
Company shall default in the payment thereof) to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, registered as such at
the close of business on the relevant Record Dates according to their terms and the provisions of Section 307.
If the principal amount of any Security surrendered for repayment shall not be so repaid upon surrender thereof, such principal amount
(together with interest, if any, thereon accrued to such Repayment Date) and any premium shall, until paid, bear interest from the Repayment
Date at the rate of interest or yield to maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) set forth in such Security.
Section 1405. Securities Repaid in Part.
Upon surrender of any Security which is to be repaid in part only, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver to the Holder of such Security, without service charge and at the expense of the Company, a new Security or Securities of the same
series, of any authorized denomination specified by the Holder, in a principal amount equal to and in exchange for the portion of the principal
of such Security so surrendered which is not to be repaid.
* * *
This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all
such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
[Signature page follows]
45
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 50/51