6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 1004. Statement by Officers as to Default.
The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date hereof
an Officer’s Certificate, stating whether or not, to the best knowledge of such officer, the Company is in default in the performance and
observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice
provided hereunder) and, if the Company shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof of which they may
have knowledge.
Section 1005. Waiver of Certain Covenants.
Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for Securities of such series, the Company may, with respect to the
Securities of any series, omit in any particular instance to comply with any term, provision or condition set forth in any covenant provided
pursuant to Section 301(21), Section 901(1) or Section 901(8) for the benefit of the Holders of such series, if before the time for such
compliance the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall, by Act of such
Holders, either waive such compliance in such instance or generally waive compliance with such term, provision or condition, but no such
waiver shall extend to or affect such term, provision or condition except to the extent so expressly waived, and, until such waiver shall become
effective, the obligations of the Company and the duties of the Trustee in respect of any such term, provision or condition shall remain in full
force and effect.
ARTICLE XI
REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
Section 1101. Applicability of Article.
Securities of any series which are redeemable before their Stated Maturity shall be redeemable in accordance with their terms and
(except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities) in accordance with this Article XI.
Section 1102. Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee.
The election of the Company to redeem any Securities shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution or an Officer’s Certificate or in another
manner specified as contemplated by Section 301 for such Securities. In case of any redemption at the election of the Company of the
Securities of any series (including any such redemption affecting only a single Security), the Company shall, at least 45 days prior to the
Redemption Date fixed by the Company (unless a shorter notice shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), notify the Trustee of such Redemption
Date, of the principal amount of Securities of such series to be redeemed and, if applicable, of the tenor of the Securities to be redeemed. In
the case of any redemption of Securities (a) prior to the expiration of any restriction on such redemption provided in the terms of such
Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture, or (b) pursuant to an election of the Company which is subject to a condition specified in the terms
of such Securities or elsewhere in this Indenture, the Company shall furnish the Trustee with an Officer’s Certificate evidencing compliance
with such restriction or condition.
Section 1103. Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed.
If less than all the Securities of any series are to be redeemed (unless all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be
redeemed or unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than
60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities of such series not previously called for redemption, by lot or, in the
case of Global Securities, pursuant to applicable Depositary procedures; provided that the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of any
Security shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such Security. If less
than all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed (unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the
particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, from the Outstanding Securities
of such series and specified tenor not previously called for redemption in accordance with the preceding sentence.
38
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 43/51