6/3/25, 12:26 PM EX-4.1
Section 903. Execution of Supplemental Indentures.
In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article IX or the modifications
thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall be provided with, and, subject to Section 601, shall be fully protected in
relying upon, an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or
permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture to the execution of such supplemental indenture, if any, have
been complied with. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustee’s
own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.
Section 904. Effect of Supplemental Indentures.
Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article IX, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and
such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities theretofore or thereafter
authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.
Section 905. Conformity with Trust Indenture Act.
Every supplemental indenture executed pursuant to this Article IX shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act.
Section 906. Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures.
Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article IX may,
and shall if required by the Trustee, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental
indenture. If the Company shall so determine, new Securities of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the
Company, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the
Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Securities of such series.
ARTICLE X
COVENANTS
Section 1001. Payment of Principal, Premium, if any, and Interest.
The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and
premium, if any, and interest on the Securities of such series in accordance with the terms of the Securities and this Indenture. Principal and
interest shall be considered paid on the date due if, on or before 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such date, the Trustee or the Paying
Agent (or, if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the Paying Agent, the segregated account or separate trust fund maintained by the
Company or such Subsidiary pursuant to Section 1003) holds in accordance with this Indenture money sufficient to pay all principal and
interest then due.
The Company shall pay interest on overdue principal at the rate specified therefor in the Securities, and it shall pay interest on overdue
installments of interest at the same rate to the extent lawful as provided in Section 307.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Indenture, the Company or the Paying Agent may, to the extent it is required
to do so by law, deduct or withhold income or other similar taxes imposed by the United States of America or other domestic or foreign taxing
authorities from principal or interest payments hereunder.
Section 1002. Maintenance of Office or Agency.
The Company will maintain in each Place of Payment for any series of Securities an office or agency where Securities of such series
may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange,
where Securities may be surrendered for conversion, and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of
such series and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in
the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish
the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust
Office of the Trustee; and such required office or agency in New York, New York shall be at an office of the Trustee located at 101 Barclay
Street, Floor 4W, New York, New York 10286, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration. The Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its
agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands.
36
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/320193/000119312518317844/d644900dex41.htm 41/51